
Eh, I think - I mean it's not - uh - I - I think it's really not good to me because I am - I think I am - cannot be well done.
Yes.
Because I cannot speak really good English and many words I forget how to spell it.
Uh, also I - I spell one of the Cantonese, I spell wrong, even I have the paper of it.
Yes, actually before, eh, this thing, eh, the interview start I really - eh, I - I really feel stressful because I - I - I think I am cannot do the good job.
Hmm, not English, um, uh, I think nothing people can do but just - just try to focus what I want to talk, maybe this is more good for me to - to rel - uh, relax to talk what I want to talk.
Actually, for - for - in my friend I am the most nervous one because when I presentation and I - when I presentation even I have the speech I cannot speak well, in - in the Brian class I speak - I was shaky my body, eh today I am going to present, um, yes, then - then I am the most nervous one, so actually I cannot give them any suggestion and I want people to give me suggestion how - what can I do.
The part-time job.
Uh, because I have the part-time job.  I can use my experience to do - to talk the story, eh, not - eh, is smoking is not really my business I think because I do not smoking and if I see people, uh, smoking I am walk away so is not really affect me.
Role play.
Role play I think.
I think because, eh, see the picture and told story I think is really hard and I - because my English not good, I cannot really, uh - really - eh, really to show people what I want to do, eh, in the picture I - maybe I see the guy feel sorry but I cannot think, eh, turns to - eh, to talk with people this situation.  So I think it's really hard because in role play it's some different because, eh, because I just - in the character and such as in the, uh, role play to you I am the customer, I need to become angry.  I can just be angry.  I do not do anything.  I just told the boss in restaurant, I just told him pay back, pay back, pay back, I do not do anything.
Hmm.
