
Yeah, we are - me and my family go to a restaurants in - in Central, it's a Chinese restau - Chinese style restaurant, uh, eating Chinese food and that day is also my father's birthday, so we have celebrate his birthday in that restaurant.  I am - our family have really nice time in - in that day because, uh, the food is good, the drink is good, the service is good also - is fantastic also.  So, uh, we have a nice day, we enjoy the time in the restaurant.  That is my experience.
Yes.
I think I - because I am a Chinese, uh, I still think Chinese food is the best, you know, the Chinese cuisine, which is, uh, fantastic because it's, um, you have, uh, provide - I think Chinese is a - have a - provide you food selection, you can, uh, have a lot of different dishes, um, comparing to the cuisine, example the - from, um, from England or America, they have the fast food culture but you know the fast food culture is quite criticized by the, uh - by people because it unhealthy and is - actually is not delicious at all.  But I think, uh, Chinese food is tasty, um, is healthy and so I - and also because I am a Chinese so no - the Chinese thing - uh, Chinese, uh, cuisine is best.
Yes, I agree smoking should be banned in Hong Kong.   
Yeah.  Because you know if you are sitting in a restaurant and someone is smoking beside, uh - next to you, it really affect the mood, how you, uh, share the time with friends and is - in smoking is - also affect, uh, people around you because it's - uh, because of the chemicals it will affect, uh, human's health.  So, uh, I think if people want to smoke, they go to - uh, get to the street and smoke and after they finish, they can get back to the restaurant and enjoy the dinner.  Uh, for the - uh, for people who do - don't smoke, they have a good environment to enjoy their dinner and for the smokers, uh, they don't need to be complain - they don't have to be complain by, uh, people who didn't smoke.  So I think, uh, smoking should be banned in Hong Kong is, uh, should be passed.
