
Um, I don't think so.
Like, um, I think it - my performance like can be improved because I do think that I really like had - hesitate a lot and also somehow as - also stammered and really like conscious about my own grammar and try to correct it whenever I realized my own mistakes.  So yeah, so like the - so I think somehow the whole conversation is a bit like not that natural, yeah.
Um, actually I don't feel nervous, but I really do tend to, uh, correct my own grammatical error if I realize that, yeah, I have made such an error.
So, yeah, I think - but I think that's my own habit - but yeah not because of I am nervous, yeah.
Um, so, well, first of all, I presume that people feel nervous is because they are afraid of making mistakes, so my advice will be, yeah, just feel free to make the mistakes because I do think that the listeners really, uh, focus on your content instead of whether your speech is grammatically com - correct or not, yeah.  Even though - I am - me myself will correct it but simply because I want to make it more perfect but not because, yeah, I am - well, yeah, but not because I am afraid of it.  So I think, uh, first of all if you really want to not be that afraid of making mistake the first of all is just feel free to make it.  Then, once you're - you find that, uh, the listener don't correct your mistakes then you will be comfortable to like say whatever you want.
Um, I think part-time job.
Because, it's like more related to my own daily life and I can simply, uh, think of my own experience when talking about part-time job.  However, for smoking, um, because, uh, nowadays like all the restaurants already like smoking is already forbiddened   in all the restaurants and even public areas, so I think that, uh, to think of something to say based on, uh, some no-longer-existing issue will be a bit hard for me, like to imagine a scenario or so, yeah.
Um, I preferred picture one because, uh, it allows me to like unleash more of my imagination because like different people have - can have differently interpretation, uh, based on the picture like the same picture.  However for role plays because - because of the like words in the instruction, you are somehow confined to some, uh, areas.  For example, like when you see that went to a restaurant then you immediately have to think about something related to restaurant, however for pictures if you're like going to a building or so but not mentioning that is a restaurant then you can say whatever you like.
Yeah, that's the difference.
Thank you.
