
Um, I think it's fair because, uh, for - because of several reasons the first one is, uh, today I am feeling unwell and getting, uh, a bit tired because yesterday I have - I had a traveling to China, a one-day trip to China to have three meals of eating so I have - and traveling a lot of place there, so I found a little bit tired, exhausted and even fatigue some, yeah.  And the second reason is that, uh, as I mentioned, I am not good at speaking English very well, uh, I mean especially speaking, but I like - I like writing very much.  So, if you ask me in this interview, the performance, I don't think that I've performed very well in - especially when speaking in English.
Yeah, I did, uh, a bit.
Because when you face a camera towards, uh - when you face a camera you are finally getting nervous even though you don't look at it completely clearly and when you look at another one, I mean in the fewer you still find a little bit nervous like the others.  So to me it's not the first, um - it's not something unique.
Uh, firstly, you have to experience more because most students find nervous because of their lack of experience of interviewing so they - they maybe - they can get that kind of experiences through, uh, interviewing, uh, to get a job or to have - to - well - to - to get the permission to join some exchange program because, uh, university has provide a lot of that kind of experiences like the interview.  Uh, secondly, you can try to speak perfectly, uh, like some speakers maybe in - maybe you join some workshops that are about speaking or that are about delivering - de - delivery of speeches and you can actually find a lot of, uh - uh, you can feel you will - you will not be so nervous than actually used - uh, you used to be.
Hmm.
I think part-time job is.
Uh, because it is more close to our daily lives as college students.  And, uh, whilst non-smoking is kind of social problem, uh, but I don't find any, uh, good reasons that as college students, uh - college students would look at social issues around them very oftently   because they - they only learn in the university, they only, uh, work as a part-timers, as part-timers for long time, but they don't look at something around them, maybe internationally, socially, economically or something that might be critical to their, uh, better learnings.  So, part-time job is - that topic is better, is easier to handle.
Hmm.
Um, I think both are good - uh, preferable to me because these two, um, ways of speeches I used for when I am speaking to improve my level of standard of speaking.  So, I think pick - but one noticeable thing is that I will find - sometimes I will find picture description more difficult because I seldom read pictures, uh, and always read words more than those images.  So if - uh, especially some - some flow of stories, uh, illustrating the story, so it is - I find it is a little bit difficult.  But I think, uh, if I practice more, it would be still acceptable and preferable to me.  And basically both are preferable.
Um, thank you.
