
I did fine.
Why do I think so?  I just - I just - it was like a normal talk, so I just talk what I think so basically that is normal for me, just by my opinion.
Mmm, I probably say I didn't feel nervous in order to speak in English.  I just feel nervous what I should I say, what, what should I, like try to think from my mind, like what I'm gonna think, what I'm - what should I gonna say.
When I speak English, yes.
No, I'm not nervous about what I'm gonna be asked.
I was nervous about, last time like I don't know how I'm gonna offend, how I'm gonna take my refund back.  I was wondering like how I'm gonna take my refund back.  Because you - you are already trying to tell me your side.  So, I find my side to speak.  So that's what I nervous about.
For speaking English, yes.
Okay, actually this question is answered yesterday.  So, uh, for most of people, they really want to speak English and they feel like they didn't have any - they - how to say, they didn't have confi - they didn't confident enough in order to speak English.  I probably just tell them like it's like fraction, uh, some fraction is like, how to say, is like friction or something - is like, uh, the first move is always hard, but after you pass the first move, it's gonna be smoother.  So, basically, you should give your try.  You never get - you never gonna know how it's gonna be different in the future, but you probably just first start.  If you don't like it, so you could just come back I think again.  But at least you take a top - uh, take a try.  Yes.
Just try.  At the first time probably gonna be hard, but once you try, once you gonna, how it's gonna be, because you didn't try you don't know how it's gonna be.
Yes, I really want to encourage them to try.
Yes.
Uh, both are easily, but different way.  Uh, for smoking one, I - I really have strong opinion about those, so I kind of like easier for me to - to think about.
Yes.
Yes.
Which preferring - which case?
I mean like preferring what, because both are, I didn't feel---
I didn't found   any different in both, because I found like both are just a normal situation we can find in anywhere.  So, I basically just fine normal with both so I'm fine with both.
Probably just like---
Okay, choose, okay.  If I have to choose, the one that I didn't like the most or---
Okay, like most.  So probably it gonna be the second one, because it's kind of adventurous for me.
Yes.
Yes.
Thank you.  You're welcome.
