
Yes, of course, I like speaking in English?
Um, to be honest, I've, um - I've been learning English before, uh, primary school, and - but, uh, and - uh, sorry, as a matter of fact, my mother is also English teacher.
So, I've been getting in touch with English since I was a little girl and I've been watching, uh, American, uh, dramas since I don't know like, uh, junior high school.  So since then, and I've been surrounded by English - uh, sorry.
Yeah, and I - I like, uh, American culture, and yeah, pretty much that's it.  Yeah.
Now?  Well, honestly, uh.
Never.
Yes, of course.
Things I like to talk about, um.
Topics like, um, oh, uh, maybe, uh, schools, um part time jobs or personal life, something like that, family, hobbies, something like that.
Um, well, uh just like as I said before, I've been watching American dramas since, uh, junior school.  So, counting from them, it's like 10-1 years.
So, uh, pretty much I've been watching American drama - uh, drama 1 hour or 2 hours a day.
Yes, of course.  Um, because it's like, uh, a foreigner coming to Japan, you listen a lot and you becoming to have the sense to have the speaking Japanese, and as - as I listen, uh, I watch it a lot and I become to know how to speak English correctly.  And also, uh - also as I - as I said it before, my mom was an - my mom is an English teacher so very seldomly though but I, uh, talk to her, um, by phone in English.
Um, well, I never thought it before.  Um, I think, uh I - I like it - I - I like them both but I think it's much more easier for me to talk, um, face to face, one to one.
Yeah, uh, because, well, English is not my mother language, so I'm not as - I cannot react that - that fast.  So, one to one, you can use some body language or, uh, you just - so people, um, the person you talk to maybe fitting to, uh, fit - uh, to accomplish the sentence maybe.
Yeah.
Most important skill?  Um, I think it's speaking.
Um, the four skills are, uh, two of them, speaking and writing are, uh, output, and reading and listening are input.  When you, uh, um, you have day - all day in getting a lot of input, you can - so that you can, uh, to write good - uh, you can write good sentences and you can speak great English. So, this speak and speaking you have to react very fast, not like writing, you have to - you can - you can think, you can, uh, correct your sentences but, uh, speak - speaking you - you have to say it really fast and also speaking is after input.  So I think - I think speaking is the most important skill.