
Okay.
Yes, I like speak English.
Because English is very international language and I can talk to different people from different countries and I can use it in work, story and somewhere.
In 1 week?
Uh, XXX  maybe three times or five times because my - in - just in my, um, class I speak English.
Uh, what---
Talk, and, what is - so sorry---
Okay, uh, uh, because I - I am from ec - economics - economic, uh, I - I study in economics so I often talk English about economic or financial topics so just this.
Uh, yes.  If - if I have more chance.
Uh, actually, I want to talk to, and, people from other countries---
And yes, and I want to talk about, uh, um, their - and the culture from as your countries or---
---what's, um, does our - do they like, uh, and extra - extra.
Yeah.
Uh, and in my case I often watch, uh, watch English movies or, uh, or something - or reading always, uh, English, uh, articles and - and for - in my case and almost the paper, newspaper - in the paper, um, but actually there is no chance to talk ac - to talk about XXX  have more chance to the foreign people.
Yeah.
I think I prefer the last one, group - group chat type.
Because group chant, and we can have more topic to - to - to talk about and - and in group we - we - we will not be very neces - um, very nervous and because - because everyone in this - in a - in the same rooms, you know, talking about what we like and so XXX .
Yeah.
I think maybe the listening.
Listening, yeah.  Because - because I am from China and in China we all - and we - we have English test, we often just do the writing - writing and reading - reading test, but not, uh, so they - maybe they think that listening is not very important.
Yes, so - so in my case - in my case, uh, my En - English skill is not very good.
Yeah, this is - just - just, uh---
---it's not very good, so - but - and basically when we talk to others in English you must and fir - at first you must to understand what - what does he say so, and - I think that is first thing, you must do, yeah, you must do - uh, you must do good at.