
Yes, I like speaking in English.
What?
Yeah, I - you know, I was - I was born in China and I like to - I like watch movie and - in my XXX  school and in high school and in college. 
So, I want to speak English and I think speaking English will be always very good, you know--- 
Yeah, you know, I - since I - I went to Japan, I didn't have any much chance to speak English because the Japanese don't speak in English.
They don't understand what I'm saying so - a little bit about last time, yeah last time a week.
Uh, you know, I was doing part-time job here.  I was working in a hotel.
Yeah, yeah.  There was many foreign customers---
And when the - the Japanese staff don't speak English so I was good to here to - to solve the problems.
Of course, I want to protect English because when - since I went to Japan, I don't have much chance to speak English, so I think my - my English is very big problem here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I don't - I don't remember much of the language so, you know, when - when I  trying to say something, I - I have to think for a moment.  You know, when I'm in China I don't have to hesitate.
I can speak so directly.
For example?
For example what type?
Yeah, I - yeah that matter I - there was any chance to speak.  You know, I was watching the tape, the DVD .
XXX  very cool, there are the many lectures speaking here, and when I was here in, eh, college field, I - I want to say something about some - in college here, about lecture, about something like my - something about what I'm standing.
Yeah, I - you know in China we have to do some test here and one, you know, I don't like some tests already - I don't like some tests, but I have to pass the test, so when you are ready for the test, you have to remember many of the XXX  verbs, grammar and listening and writing and frankly, to be honest, I hated this but - but when you ready for that, when you're practicing for that, you - you'll really get directly here, and I like watch - watch movie here - watch more in American and British, anyway.  I want - I want to speak like, talk like what is it there for.  Yeah.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Yeah, I think they are all important but most important is speaking.
Because speaking is the most - most, how to say, uh, it's most way to - to communicate with each other.
Yeah, when, yeah, you can writing here, but if the people don't have chance to read it, what - what do you write, right?  Speaking with each other and the way is the first way to get your point.