
Yes of course.
Yes, I like speaking in English, especially after I came to Japan to attend this English program, or master program, yes. 
Why do I like it now because I think it is quite necessary for us to well, you know, to observe more kind of knowledge or techniques through this English and most important thing is that English and most of the paper are published and will be published in English most of them, about 60% I guess, maybe. 
In one week?
I mean, well, basically, like, um, every day.
In which?
During classes or when I talk, well, between friends, yeah.
Yes, of course.
Hmm, speaking of topics, maybe sports can.  I like football.
Football, about my club or some, and I'm a big fan and concerned about everything going on in the sports field, and of course some kind of, well, academic, uh, academic needs and some communication about what's going on---
---with the current situation in the economic fields. .
Yes.
Um, well, to be honest, I at first, well, don't speak in English---
--- and very frequently or fluently.  And after I well be fond of some kind of well American, well, videos and then follow some movies, I can gradually follow - follow them in the English-speaking style or frequently - ah, frequently used words or sentences, and then I memorize them.  Well, after quite a long time, repeatedly and I will be able to, well, watch those videos without the caption - without the caption which the national and domestic language XXX .
Well, maybe I prefer the group discussion, yeah.
Why?  Um, maybe one to one may get a little bit, I don't know, on just like, um, maybe a little weird or something except the condition that we were very close.  And then, in group, there, maybe everyone can just express their opinions and everything they know and maybe their communication might be a little bit easier, I guess.
Yes.
Most important, well, maybe for me I just think it is writing, because I just publish a paper in English, well, in several months ago, and then maybe for some other business people, they want to make a clear and well expected presentation about their business or work or their ideas, maybe speaking is much more important than writing because they get some other men write for them, for the materials.  Well, basically, I guess reading and, ah, writing and speaking.