
Yeah.
Um, perhaps, yes.
Because we, uh, speak Chinese in everyday, we speak English, uh, with - several - several times for like the English test, English, uh---
Class.  Yeah, English class and we - in - in our daily life, we speak Chinese every day, and we have seldom times to speak English.
Um, in fact, I protect  the English every day in the morning because we - uh, I need to, um - I - I need to, um, for this exam, the postgraduate test.
More chances?  Um, let me see.
Yes.
The topic interest?
Um, sometimes I like to watch some, uh, English films and, uh, listening English--- .
Music.  Yeah.  And some videos like XXX   and listen some, uh, BBC English for some topics and in some, uh, news about the recently the Huawei and Chinese in the forms of Americans China war.
Yeah.
Um, for the speaking - speaking English, first way improve our vocabulary.  It's important because we don't some words, that we - we choose the meaning of the - uh, the mean - the meaning of we want to see and, um, XXX   we improve our presentation---
Pronunciation, yeah, pronunciation.  If the native - the native speakers will speak - speak some - um, their - their speaking is very fluent and some XXX   no accent.
Native speakers when they are thinking about some - they have the different from the Chinese speakers' thinking.
For example, uh, they seem - the - the Chinese - the Chinese would let me think well - Chinese means XXX  .  We will sing when you are a good dancer.  Uh, you - you - your dancer is very good but English will say you're a good dancer is very different.  And we see some different---
Orders.
XXX   uh, in - in the morning I listen the XXX   knowledge in the BBC English and the native speakers will say this, uh, the tech - the technique will provide.
It's a different order.
Yeah.
Oh, perhaps I like the group discussion because we have the different thinking than the - and someone can improve my, uh---
Opinions.
They brought to me a wide range of, um, the several XXX   thinking about the things and I think one thing and other thing is other opinions and we can XXX  ---
To combine - combine with it.
The most important I think is speaking.  Speaking is most important.  Because English is a language that we can commune with - with other peoples and so first important is speaking.  Um, second is listening.  Listening and speaking is combined with our speaks English.  Um, last one is -- next is reading.  You can some text for - for improve your, um, skills to learning some things and the last is writing.  Well, sometimes in - in the, um, Chinese student, they - they have the - the great skills for reading and--- .
Listening.
But the speaking and writing is poor.  That's a different with other countries.