
Yes, I do.
Um, I feel like there is room - uhm - of course like there does live something to be desired, but overall, yes.
A week?
On average about - more than about 25 or 30.
Uhm, primarily I am going to be teaching, uhm, oh mostly I teach them games and activities.  Uhm - we practice - well depending on the year practicing grammar and applying those grammar structures for junior high age children.  Uhm, and practicing just basic sentence structure for elementary age children.
Uhm, I teach elementary - primarily elementary and junior high.
So I am going to be teaching mostly fifth-year and sixth-year elementary and then all years for junior high, first, second and third.
Uhm, let's see, at this point in time, no.
Uhm, I'm pretty dedicated to helping primarily Japanese students as I'm kind of used to uh working in the Japanese school system.  And I'm kind of used to the ins and outs of working in a Japanese school.
Hmm, speak more fluently.  Uhm, well from my - at least my experience - I've also taught in EIKAIWA   conversation schools.  And there I found that most of my students that had a lot of success were the ones that just tried speaking a lot, and didn't really worry or panic about how many mistakes or if they were making a mistake.  They just kind of kept going.  And then I would give them feedback after they were done speaking.  So I found that just - just letting everything out, just saying what they want.
Sure.
Huh, hmm, that's - that's a little tough because I think it depends on the type of learner you are dealing with and their level.  Uh, if a student is just starting out, I would say, maybe one-to-one, and then eventually as their ability improves, then to start moving up to group discussion and group - yeah, group oriented sort of classes.
Most important one for English learners.  Hmm, honestly I would say it depends primarily on what they want to do with their English ability.  Uhm, I know a lot of Japanese - like, English learners across all ages want to focus more on speaking, but I don't think that's the most important one as unfortunately most Japanese don't use it as much.  So I would say for the most part reading is probably the most important just because it's the most - it's going to be the most frequently used for Japanese people I feel.
Alright.