
Yes, I do.
Ah, yes, I am very satisfied.
Uh, because my students are great.  I get a lot of satisfaction out of seeing them improve, and I enjoy going to work every day.
Between 15 to 20 classes.
Uh, I teach conversational English, sometimes business English, and - and recently I've been teaching children's classes quite a lot, so---
Umm, well, the company I am working for has classes from PK, which is 2, 3, 4 year-olds and then it progresses up, so anywhere from 2-year-olds to I think my oldest student is 65.  So, probably 60% are children and then I have adult classes also.
Yes, I would and I've been thinking recently about pursuing other opportunities overseas.
I would like to go to Europe one day.
Because one of the main reasons is because I really love football, and I would love to live in a place where I can go and watch my local team every weekend and  .
To be honest, I would love to go to Spain.
Yeah.
Right.
Uh, they need to stop studying more and start using the language more.  I think language is something that needs to be used in order to - in order to make improvement.  And one of the problems I think Japanese students have is they study too much, they have too many things inside their head, and when they are presented with an opportunity to speak, they find it difficult to select the right thing to use.  I think it's been shown that many Japanese students when they go and study abroad, they become quite fluent speakers in a relatively short period of time.
Right.
I think both have pros and cons.  I think maybe one-on-one is a great way to practice, especially if the teacher is able to prompt the student to - to speak a lot, teaching talking time is very low.  However, having group lessons provides a - a variety of opinions, which can be used to create new discussions.  Both have their pros and cons, but I would say man-to-man lesson where the - the talking time is mainly focused on the student.
Right.
Speaking.
Because I feel there are - uh, in the context of living in a country where that language is spoken, there are many more instances where you need to speak rather than read.