
Thank you.
Yes.
Ah, yes, I am.
Well, because I enjoy teaching kids and I also like to work as an ambassador between my country and theirs and I'd like to have the chance to get my students to become more interested in learning English.  That, and I learn more about their culture the longer that I work here.
About I would say about at least 20 classes a week.
So what content do I teach?  Um, basically what I teach is I basically teach grammar lessons.  So I just start with the warm-up and then depending on whatever I make from the book.  I usually make a PowerPoint based on the grammar that I teach and then I have the JTE look at it.  They translate and then we make activities around that material.
Ah, students, ah, well, last year I went over and I taught high school but let's see, usually I teach junior high school and elementary students.  Depending on the level of the students, I usually try to make it as simple as possible so that everybody in the room can understand.
Ah, actually, no because I am pretty satisfied with Japan so---
Um, well to speak more - English more fluently, to be honest I think is really a good decision to make them go abroad.  Because in my case when I came to Japan uh, since not many people spoke English, uh, it was kind of almost a requirement for me to learn Japanese to get around here.  And so if I think that other students will be in that same situation to where they will be XXX   in another country where people only speak English then I think they would be motivated to study.  Here in Japan they don't - they don't exactly have that much opportunities to talk to other foreigners.  So I think that studying abroad would be a good experience for them.
Right. 
I prefer students to go into a group discussion because that way um, if they are working in groups or pairs then they can go over - they can go ahead and practice target language with one another.  And it would put the language better into practice while teachers walk around and check each - check everybody's speeches.  Ah, you can do one-on-one but I feel it's better to have it - have them work into groups or pairs.
Hmm, that's difficult but is it okay if I choose two options?
Honestly, speaking and listening.
Because I believe that just on a basic level if you have to choose, conversation is the most important.  So it's good to practice both speaking and listening.