
Yeah.
Okay.
Yes, I do.
With my job?  To be honest, I am satisfied but um, I am a trained nurse, so that means I can earn more if I do nursing, but I do get a lot of satisfaction with - with teaching, but you know, I do want to save up and have a family of my own someday.
In a week, ah, a busy day would be five classes for me.  It would be 20-25 classes in a week.
Depends.  If it's junior high school, focus mainly is on grammar, but in like a - in a fun way, like grammar plus fun activities like games like that.  Umm, was elementary, like basic hello, my name is - what day is it today, you know.
I teach - well, I - I've recently taught junior high school.  They range from the ages of 13 to 15, up to 15.  And for elementary school, I do teach from first grade but that's like once a week.
Once per month.  So maybe 6 to 7 years old, up to 9.
Yeah.
Umm, I am not sure really because if given the opportunity, yeah why not, but I have friends who are trained teachers in the Philippines, and then they - they try and apply for a job, so let's say in Germany, and then they get denied because you - you are a trained teacher, you have a Master's in whatever, in English, in linguistics, but you don't come from an English-speaking country really.  You are not - -you are not a native English speaker.  That's not your mother tongue, so it would be difficult, but given the opportunity I wouldn't say no.
Umm, yeah.
Well, to be frank, monetary.
Monetary.
Yeah, yeah.  Bigger salary and just a change of surroundings because Japan is my first, umm, travel outside the Philippines.  This is the first time I've lived anywhere outside of Philippines, so it might be good.
I think just practice and not with each other but with a - a native speaker.
Yeah.
I think group.
Umm, I myself was a language learner.  I - I studied Japanese, and for me, speaking in a group like - I pick up my conversational Japanese from them.  Like something that I would not use myself but I hear them use it and like, oh, okay, that's something that I did learn from - from the teachers or from the book, but it's colloquial.  So, I think you can pick up, like, different languages, words, from different people.
For me, I think listening.
It's because it's - you acquire information and then you process that and then for you to give a response within context of that, you know, question, you need to understand first.  You need to pick up the - the information first and then you can reply appropriately.