
Thank you.
Yes, I.
Uh, pretty much.
Well, I have been teaching here for more than 10 years so I am used to teaching and I like kids.  
I have my own daughter so when I moved here 10 years ago, so then I start teaching and become one of my career experience in teaching.
Well, right now, I am on a spring break so, so the next semester will be in April, so I teach about three to five classes per - per day.
Well, it's basically conversations but we do a lot of activities and we sing songs and we make the students mingle with each other and try to use conversational language.
Well, basically they are junior high school, and from first grade junior high school to third grade junior high school, and at times we go to elementary schools as well.
Well, based - well, in my situation, I need to stay in Japan because I have my family here and I have mortgage to pay and I have a daughter to pay for her tuition, so I am pretty much stuck here for now.
That's right.
That's a very good question, yeah.  Well, I think they need some changes in the system in general speaking.  The books that they use at school right now are geared more toward grammar - grammar and reading, writing, so there should be some changes.  And the classes are pretty much big and 40 student in one class. And there are some cultural things that need to - we cannot change it but there are some ways that they need to put - make more input in conversation than basic reading, writing, and pass the test.  That's what I feel right now the changes that need to be  .
Well, I think group - mainly group teaching - conversation is much better.
So that student can interact with each other and they can help each other out as well and listen to each other.  And there are always some student that are better than others, and through interaction they can, oh, I didn't know that, so they can.  Also with their Japanese language, their own language, they can do the translation sometime, and things will go faster and smoother.
I think speaking mainly is most important.
Yeah, because if you - remember, English is a global communication so if you go to overseas, any other countries, you probably need more speaking than reading and writing because you need to use practical English.  And also with Tokyo Olympics coming, a lot of foreigners coming in and they - most of them, they don't speak Japanese.  So speaking will always have a part.