
Sure.
Okay.
Yes.
Um, my job at Brain Power or--- 
As an English teacher, sure.
Ah, I am involved in different things.  I am not just primarily an English teacher.  So  
As English teacher?
Um, right now I am just teaching at elementary school, it's very easy um, it's if you press me hard I am not that satisfied I guess because I could be doing more but - but it fits what I am doing now in my life, in my career - in my career so overall I am satisfied.
Yeah.
Um, well, I just start - I just finished a contract so that was let me see 1-2-3-4-5, 5-6 classes of 45 minutes each.
A week.
Um, whatever they gave me.  So they were using textbooks XXX  .
Um, fifth - fifth grade and sixth graders at elementary school.
Um, probably - I mean I have taught in America before so I - I probably will move back.  That's it.  I don't want to move anywhere else.
Ah, just in my stage in my career, I just want to move back and get involved in other things I suppose.
Yeah.
Right.
That's a very deep question.  Um, Speak more fluently I mean   I think that - well, I - I think that - there is many factors that goes into that.  That's such a huge question obviously and there's factors that for example you know the classes that they are - the actual curriculum that's being implemented will play a role in it.  And, you know, bettering that would have an influence on it.  Not forcing them to learn English if they don't want it would be very helpful because no one will want to speak, you know, fluency until that you learn a language and XXX   tells that you have motivation or a need to do so and that's - I mean that's not a deep issue and there's much more I can talk of - I mean there is many more things.
Okay.
Yes.
Um, I don't think - as you just said, there are different types of speaking and student has to practice both because their - their quality will be different  
So, yeah.
Supposedly.
Um, I don't really follow that paradigm for skill.  So um, I don't think - I don't think you separate them.  I don't think that's very accurate in terms of linguistic - linguistically so I don't think any of them are important per se on their own.