
Oh, sure.
Uh, yes.
Uh, there is a lot of, uh, variation in English, uh, compared to, uh, uh, Cantonese.
For example, um, um, that - for example, tone can be more, um - can be more soft compared to Cantonese and, uh, in terms of the feeling of the language, it feels that, um, English can be, uh, more polite compared to Cantonese, as Cantonese there are - it can be very difficult to balance like, uh, it can be very rude and it can be very form - XXX   at the same time for that in English, uh, it can achieve all the stuff.
Uh, actually very rarely, maybe once a week, uh, uh, mostly.
Uh, homework and assignment, school stuff.
Actually, yes, to maintain, uh, the proficiency of the Engl - of my English skills, like sometimes if you don't use it regularly, sometimes it's, uh, getting - gets a bit rusty like it doesn't really go smooth as before like what, yeah.
Uh, yes, sort of.
Uh, like for example when I was, uh, studying in Australia for a semester, uh, I used English a lot like, like for everything, a lot of things like going to get some food or talk to people like entire English, but then like when I, uh, came back from Australia to Hong Kong, uh, there is a comparison where I can just simply rely on Cantonese and not English and that - and after a while of using Cantonese for, uh, maybe four months or five months, like my English skills began to like, um, not really smooth like - in terms of like the voculab - vocabulary begins like fall apart like the sentences are getting a bit fractured - fragmented.  And yeah something like that.
I think the best way to improve, uh, English speaking is to speak a lot more with - and use it, uh, regularly, uh, because like if you do use it you don't really, um, use the - the mindset like the English mindset like you don't really apply that a language system and sometimes you know that, uh, in Cantonese like it's kind of like, uh, reverse like the way that you speak Cantonese and English is like on the opposite, like they are pretty opposite side.  So, when I don't use English sometimes it's feels really, uh, couples that English and makes that sense like the essence.  So, that's why I think speak more would, um, improve that case.
I should spend - I should use English a lot on, uh, one-to-one conversation like when it's come to group, I might not have a better vocabulary or, um, a message that can, um, convey something useful, but because usually when it comes to, uh, good conversation, you want to give something, uh, unique and important, but then, uh, maybe when it comes to, uh, schoolwork, it might not be very direct enough compared to Cantonese.
Uh,   I think they are all equally important.
For example, writing is also important.  But in terms of like the modern society I think speaking is most important.
Because in the modern society like, um, speaking can allows you to communicate to - with others like, uh, verbally, like sometime you don't get to have a paper or a computer to - for you to write the message.  And, um, speaking allows you to show your personality more comprehensively compared to, um, just writing.
