
Okay.
Yes, I do.
Um, because I think like communicating with people in English can facilities my learning in English because while talking I can use different words and also different sentence pattern.  I think this is actually - this actually helps me to learn faster when the - when it comes to learning English.  And also, uh, like speaking in English because I can communicate with more people like not only people of local contest but also people from other countries, different countries or areas so that, uh, I can know more about, for example, like different culture or different places.  So, yeah, that's why I like speaking in English.
A week, um, I think like a total of two to three days, I guess, yeah.   
Uh, uh, most - like mostly I will speak English when I am interact with to - my professors during lessons.  Uh, but also I sometimes will talk to my sister in English as well because, uh, we actually both like speaking in English.  So, uh, in daily life for example when we are in the mood of speaking in English then we also pull each other with in English instead of Cantonese.
That's really cool.  So, um, do you want more chances to speak in English?
Oh, yes, of course, I'd love to.    
Um, I think as I have actually mentioned at the beginning I'd like to, for example, like I have more conversations on, uh, different like cultures of different countries like knowing more about people from, uh - of different cultures and other areas like, for example, how their daily lives are different from us, I want to know more about this, yeah.
Uh, to improve my speaking, I think first of all, and also the most important thing is to - really to speak more like, uh, to be brave and not, uh, feeling afraid of, uh, like for example like, speaking incorrectly like, for example like using wrong words or just, uh, to - to not to speak in front of the natives, I think first of all.  And the second one is to like listen more at the same time because, uh, by watching different kinds of programs you can somehow like know how people speak in different occasions.  For example, like, how do they speak in a formal meeting or how do they speak in daily conversations like different kinds of occasion will have different kind of patterns of speaking, I think, yeah.
Um, I will prefer one-to-one because I think that - of course group discussion has its advantages that like different opinions can be exchanged and you can know, uh, like more ideas at once.  However, I do think that one-to-one conversation can like the content of conversation can be more in-depth like you can really know more about what a person thinks.  And I think also it can be more interactive because when you are in a discuss in a group, sometimes you may easily be distracted by - for example like another person like intervening or interrupting then you can be really easily distracted, yeah.
Uh, the most important one, um, I do think speaking because like to be honest if like for example like reading, uh, for - as the technology nowadays is pretty advanced you can simply rely on, although it may not be that accurate but somehow you can still rely on tran - like translation apps to help - help you to understand the context.  And, as for writing also, uh, the translation tool can somehow helps you with writing.  And listening I think that if you really don't understand what people are thinking you somehow can still use gestures to help.  But speaking I think is most important because that's the only way you can tell people how you think.  And, without saying, uh, by yourself people really may not be able to understand what you are - what you would like to mean or what you are trying to convey the message, yeah.
