
Okay, sure.
Um, I rather like speaking in English because, uh, I think using other language, eh, eh, other than my mother language to, uh, communicate with other foreigners is a, uh - is an unique expe - is an unique experience for me.
Um, I often maybe a week I am, eh, maybe I take in - in every week because I work in a mus - a museum as an exhibition ambassador, eh, I often communicate with - with those foreigners, uh, eh, during my - my day of work.
Um, yes, I want more chances to speak English as I think English is, um, a - how - a international language in, uh, nowadays bec - uh, especially in the business world and most of the communication like, eh, email or conferences, uh, we need to speak in English and English is, uh, maybe regard as a, um, basic, um, entrance to admit in - admit in those, um, grand company for me.
Um, um, as I am studying in a EMI school which is, um, English medium, um, using English, eh, in teaching, um, my um, I always receive, um, English lessons in my secondary school and though I think, um, the EMI school student different from other, uh, non-EMI school student is that, um, they really have, uh, more chances to receive, uh, English in their lessons like, um, we - um, the liberal studies or other relative subjects we will use English and so that in those lessons, uh, we can accumulate many words, um, which is, um, also can be, um, used and in the normal, uh, communications so that we can start, uh, most important element is that, um, I think learning English is an - a process that we need to accumulate more, uh, uh, usage of words, yes.
Um, I think I - I - I reckon I rather prefer group, uh, discussion as, um, um, as during a group discussion, we can have more participant that, um, I can evaluate, uh, their English level one by one and see how, um, my English level is difference with - with them and, um, for my - in my experience I have take part in the  proper examination, uh, those participant in, uh, all exam are - are really quite, um, fluent in speaking the English, so this make me to, um, uh, to think - to think about, um, how can I improve my English level with - uh, to their level, yes.
Okay.  So, finally, as you know, there are four basic language skills, so listening, reading, speaking and writing.  In your opinion which one is the most important skill?
Um, I think listening is the, um, most important skills because, um, as you may know there are - although, um, different foreigners, uh, speaking a same sentence in English but there are many they have different tones and in expressing one is - expressing same - the same sentences, um, but, um, if - if your listen - if your listening skill is not good, uh, you can - you can even cannot, uh, recognize what they are talking about because their tone is very different and you may just capture though, uh, some words but maybe not the keywords, yes.
