
Yes please.
Yes.
Well, I did, uh, I've contact with, um, some English people during, uh, my - in my childhood so that's why I have a habit to keep on speaking English even in the, um, daily life and also in academic, um, hours so that's why I - well, I wouldn't say I really love English but it's like - it's already part of my life.
Um?  In a week?
A week I think most likely it's like every day, yes.  It's like, uh, at least, um, 5 days per week because, um, every lessons - during lessons, uh, teachers or professors they will encourage us to speak in English and that's why most of the time during class we will speak in English at least to our teachers, yes.
Yes, I do.
Um, well, most likely the communicative way - in a communicative way like the daily life and of course it will be better if more chances like, um, discussing about some important issues and like some political one or even more chances for us to present ourself   during class, it will be also be fun, yes.
Well, usually, I will watch, um, TV dramas because I found that actually it's a very good way when I was looking at the subtitles, I do actually learn that word if it keep showing up continuously and also I will, um, try to find some way to talk to some foreign speakers because sometimes I can learn it from their action even though they might not be very, uh, speaking in the best - uh, the most English - English one.
Um, I will say one-to-one.
Yes, because like group discussion, sometimes you might have a gap like, uh, you - when you finish your conversation with A and then they might keep their conversation up with B or C and then you will have a gap and - but if you're talking in one-to-one, face-to-face then you can't have that gap and then you have to keep thinking quickly and that will boost you to think faster and then you will speak up - uh, speed up and then every time when you do that, it is like a training.
Speaking.
Speaking.  Like - like speaking is the - the best way for us to communicate or learn one's culture and I don't think that there is any way to, um - that can compensate the how speaking can express someone, their own self and that's why speaking is the most important.
