
Okay.
Um, basically I like but I don't think that over the phone speaking in English very well because rather I would like, uh, more in writing than speaking because, you know, I - I was read articles and try to imitate the ways to writing rather than speaking.  Unless, um - actually honestly speaking I seldom speak English with foreigners, with - and even locals.
Hmm.
Uh, basically if you ask me it's every day because, uh - but one noticeable thing is that I always speak to myself because I can't find anyone speaking with me in English, so this is one of the problem I face every day.
Uh, you mean is---
Oh, it covers a lot - a wide range, uh, maybe I will talk something, uh, after I read an article like in some foreign articles, one journal for example, The Guardian, the BBC News, uh, so it inspires me - inspires me, uh, to be interested in talking about that topics.
Yes, I do.
Um, it depends on the speak - uh, the words because I always find no ideas of speaking with them like some topics that they might be familiar with but I will try and I will first listen to what it say and then I would get engaged in them.
Uh, I think there are three ways for me to, uh, push up my speaking English, spoken English, for example, uh, I would join various activities in our university.  Uh, I was join - also take part in some, uh, workshops held by English center, for example, I sometimes, uh, participate in the workshop held by Wall Street English because I am one of the members, because I have taken the IELTS Exam form.  Uh, uh, the center help me to register the application of the IELTS task so I am one of the members and I am - and once more I will ask - try to speak with foreigners by joining some exchange programs because later I am planning to do so.
Uh, I think one-to-one discussion is better because, you know, if there is a group discussion, there will be many, many views, uh, even though they try to voice their opinions in different ways but it's easy to cause conflicts rather than one-to-one discussion.  And you will find that, uh, one-to-one discussion is more focused because, uh, uh, you will find more easily to find same one single topic to have a very detailed discussion, for example, crime, for example, uh, well, economy because usually we initiate a discussion in a one-to-one way, uh, when we are familiar with something that we have com - in common.
Uh, I think, uh, if I don't take my proficiency, uh, my higher proficiency in writing into consideration, I think all of them are so important.  Because if you make one of them in one - in language you find a little bit difficult to reading and effectively communicate with others because all are complementary and depending on each other as you are seeing especially in English, uh, as an international language nowadays.
