
Yes please.
Uh, actually, I quite love speaking in English with my friends because it can let me to train my English skills.
Uh, always talk about fashion, some IT stuff such as Facebook and IT and some sort of food in Hong Kong with my friends.
Uh, I speak English everyday in the college.
Um, it almost is in lesson and we have to listen to the lecturer and they will ask me the question, so answer, solve question.  For example, the last lesson is about the cultural issue or something in other countries like British and - Britain and German and other country so maybe I need to share something with him or then he would share something with me.
When?
What chances that?
Oh yeah.
In this interview or--- 
Um, I'll always talk about some relations about - some topics about relationship with - with my foreign friend because I've been to Australian   for 4 months in - when I was a secondary school student, so I met some Australian friends and some friend in German   and other countries, so they would share with me some of information about their new relationship or when they broke the relationship, they will talk to me.  Yeah.
Well, in my opinion, actually every Hong Kong people already learn English for 16 more years so English should be one off is mother tongue because we learn English when we - as well as Chinese - as various Chinese actually so if other ways to improve my English just talking to others or some - watching some English drama show or some interesting film that can make me have more vocabularies.
Um, actually, I like the group discussion because I love to talk to people and sometimes if I only talk to one people I have to listen to her for a very long time because she may be very talkative than me, so more talkative than me.  So, I'd like to talk to some group and then I can just listen to each person ones or - just one sentence or two sentence so I can talk about my feelings.  So that would be better to me.
Um, I think actually speaking is the most important.
Because if you don't know how to speak, you can't tell others what you want.  If, eh - if you don't have paper or some pens, you can't - how to say you - what you want.  So, if you can speak English you can at least tell - at least describe them what you actually need.
