
Okay, cool.
Uh, I prefer speaking in English with foreigner but they seldom - I will seldom speak with local because me - we made feel embarrassing.  But still I will, uh, really engage in the class participation for speaking, uh, in English when I answering the questions.
Um, I will say less than three because I am living in the hostel and I will have a chance to, uh, uh, live in - I mean playing or talking, uh, with the exchange students from different countries.  So, I will have a chance to talk with them.  So, uh, during the conversation we mainly use, uh, English, so they - that - that situation provide me a chance to practice my English as well.
Definitely because English is a, em, global, uh, language.  Everyone speak in English.  Uh, when I went to the Germany in the, uh - during the internship, uh, I - all day I need to speak in English or XXX   all day, so, uh, if I have a lot of chance to practice my English, I will definitely grab the opport - well, opinion - eh, no, grab the opportunity to learn it, yeah.
Uh---
In English.  I prefer daily talking, daily speaking or daily conversations because I have a lot of chance to practice in like business communications or talk about the business theory or business pres - presentations.  But when it come to daily speaking I am - may, uh, uh, engage the XXX   to, uh, especially when I am, uh, going to express my opinion or talk about what I have encountered or what I am planning to do.  And those daily, uh, conversation that I have like difficulties to express my opinion, yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, the bets - I think the bets, the bet - the best way to practice English is really talking with foreigner because when you talk with a foreigner, uh, they will talk about anything, not just about academic, but about where they have travel, what they like, what is their, uh, best food or anything.  So that - in that situation, you can learn the real English instead of when you attend the classes you just talk about the theory or the specific terms, yeah.
Uh, I will prefer one-to-one conversation.  Uh, I - I still like group discussion, but through one-to-one discussion and then I can, uh, instantly comment, uh, with his opinion, with his, uh, uh, like yeah just instantly comment him or her, so I can better practice.  And also I can express my opinion because sometimes, you know, when you disc - uh, discussing in the group discussion, you may don't - you may - you may lost the chance as someone steal - someone grab the chance to speak, so you need to wait until they finish.  Yeah, so I prefer one-to-one conversation.
Hmm.
I think both - both writing and speaking are important because in - after we graduate we need to, uh, go to the real society, go to the workplace.  At that time, we have - we will meet a lot of chance to writing a report and if we work in the international company then we need to communicate with the coworker which they may come from different, uh, countries.  So, uh, um, apart of - yeah, I mean both listening and writing is very important.  And, listening, uh, both speaking and writing are important.  Listening I think I have, uh, practiced a lot from the primary school.  And, uh, speaking, listening, writing and also reading - yeah, reading, we have a lot read - read a lot of newspaper and also the academic, uh, research.  So, I think those two part we have practiced a lot, but when it come to the reality, we don't have a lot just chance to speak in English and also, uh, maybe we are just focus on re - writing the thesis or the, em, group assignment.  So, I think, uh, writing on other like daily life, uh, how you feel or daily diary then, yeah, speaking and writing will be a good choice to practice more.
