
Yeah.
Yeah, I like speaking in English because I learn it from my childhood and I speaking all the times in my univertis - university class or communicate with my oversea relatives.
I think if there is a presentation or the class XXX   I am speaking English for once to thrice a week.
Um, like education, like business, like social life because I used to communicate with my aunts which live in Australia for once a week - about once a week or once a month.
Sorry?
Yeah, of course, because it can enhance my English speaking and it - it can enhance my speed or it can be more accuracy for my speaking - further assess in my speaking English.
Um, something that about socially or economically, business or something even more about myself--- 
---in English.
I used to be watching, uh, series of movie or something of the - and - the drama that performed by perfect English essays like Sherlock Holmes or something mov - some movie that, eh, in the cinema so that I can learn from my listening and learn from my - and speaking, learn from my transislation   skill also.
I would like individual better because I feel very nervous when I'm meeting a group that is - is a different condition that we may meet - maybe may faced in a group there we need to communicate with our groupmate instantly or immediately to reach address - to address the program.  But individually it - one-to-one conversation I don't - I don't need to concern about my groupmate or any situation that may happen - happen, eh, or may occur, um.
Yup.
I think it's - that's a really hard question and this is very undersigned.  I think that most important skill maybe listening because listening can improve speaking and writing even reading because when you listen a guy saying that English you can learn her - his or her grammar, her structure or even the content organization of that speaker and you may in further enhance the reading skills with - as writing skill or even speaking - or even listening skill.
I think - okay, it's okay.
