
Yes.
Um, quite.
Um, because it - it gives me confidence like when, um, speaking English with foreigners.  And it also like enables me to like communicate with them.
Um, maybe like several minutes like, um, every day.
Um, normally like in class I will have to answer questions because, um, the class is conducted in English, so that's why I have to answer question in English.  But when I was at classroom, I - I will have like, um, few chances to speak in English.
Um, yes.  Because I think that if we want to like to really familiar with a second language we would really need to spend some time to use it, other - and I think that when we only have chances to speak in class and that's not enough and we also have to like use it like outside classroom.
Um, for me, I - I like watching like some TV series, like maybe from Netflix and I have like, um, a - a method to improve my English, sometimes I would follow the - the subtitles like when - when they are like saying out the - the dialogs I will just saying just after them.
So I think that's, uh, an - an interesting way to learn to improve my speaking and then I can also like, um, mimic the accent of the actors, that's why I can - and speak more natively.
Um, I would prefer, uh, uh, a one-on-one because it's - it is normally more casual and relaxed.  Um, because when you are - I - I have experience talking with, um, several people at the same time, and they are all like, um, English as native language and I found really difficult because they - they spoke really fast and sometimes they change topics so frequently that I couldn't really catch up.  And but when in one-on-one, um, he can actually let adjust the speed to - to communicate with me, so it would be like more, um, relaxed.
Um, I think that, uh, listening is very important.  Um, sometimes I - I can actually, uh, speak well, I can produce something like a sentence but sometimes if you can't, um - you can't understand what some - someone is saying and it's really hard for communication.
