
Sorry. 
Oh yeah, yes.  I like speaking in English.
Uhm, I guess because I am used to it since I was a child, and my mother is an English teacher.
Uhm in a week.  
How many hours.  Maybe it's around 2 or 3 hours per day.
Like around 3, yeah, maybe around 12 hours.
Uhm, well, I rarely talk in campus because my lecturers, my professors and my friends are not well using - uh, not using English in class.  So I usually speak English with my sister or my mother during well, at home or the telephone because my sister lives not here.
Sister, yes.
Usually in competitions.  But uh I rarely do it - do them now, it's around 3 or 4 years ago I was active in many competitions like speech, storytelling, and like public speaking in English in front of people.
Pop culture, music, movies, TV series.
Uh I usually watch movies, watch movies; well I watch it with - with subtitles because that - that way I - I can know what the actors and actresses talk about.  And it improves my vocabulary, my pronunciation.  And other than movies it's like YouTube videos and also speaking to myself like in my bedroom, my bathroom, that kind of stuff.
Well, I - I usually imitate like uh, the actors' or actresses' pronunciation like uhm when I watched movies, not all of the words that they speak, not all of them that I have known before.  So, uhm, with - with watching the movies it - it gives me new - new words - new words that I - I can learn, I can learn the new words and also the pronunciation as they speak in movies.
I think group discussion.
Because there are a lot of - a lot of people with different backgrounds and uhm it - it can be interesting talking with another - other people about a topic but that's like more than two or three people involved so I - it can expand our point of view of something.
The most important, well, the first one is the speaking.
And second one is I think writing.
Well.  Uhm, I think that communication is the key to everything.  So, as you - as we know English - English is widely used in so many countries.  So, if - if we like master the speaking skill it - it - it could take us anywhere I think.
Huh-uh.
