
 Uh, I like speaking in English.
 Yeah, I --- uh --- I am in the --- I --- I belong in the ESS Class.
 Yeah, this is a English Society --- uh --- Eng --- English --- maybe English Study Society and we studied English, yeah.
 Uh, uh, maybe uh almost every day.
 Yeah.
 Uh, sorry, one more.
 Uh-huh, in --- in ESS sit --- uh --- ESS situation is very often and umm, uh, I --- I always speak English in discussion --- for discussion.  
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hmm, yeah, very much.  
 Uh, I want to talk about the --- the culture.
 Each culture.
 For example, uh, this is Japanese culture and I --- I only know Japanese culture, so I want to know the American culture or some kinds of other country's culture as well.  
 Uh, I usually umm listening music --- uh --- listening the music and that is English music or uh watching movie, English --- English movie, uh, foreign movie by uh English, yeah.
 Yeah, uh, uh, sorry.  
 Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, uh, I think uh yeah watching movie and uh listening English is also the uh good for speaking English because we can learn the phrase, yeah, by the movie --- movie's scene or something.
 So uh what I want to say --- what I want to say in English is --- the phrase is uh I studied by the --- such a movie, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh, I like uh group discussion because---  
 Uh, there are many --- many kinds of people and we can get the uh the each idea.
 So one-by-one conversations, I think it's good but uh I think that --- that many people --- more and more people is more good for --- uh --- for uh learning the culture or idea or something, yeah.  
 Yeah.
 Uh, I think speaking is---  
 Yeah, maybe uh to speak English, listening --- listening ability is needed and also the umm grammar, it is relation to the reading skills.
 And writing is also to --- to make the sentence is relation to the speaking English.
 Speaking English --- English is uh include the all of --- uh --- need all of this uh language skills.
 I think speaking English is the most important.
 Yeah.
