
 Hmm.
 Yes, I like --- I like speaking other languages and especially English, because umm-um English is spoken in like all of the countries so if I could speak English I can communicate with a lot of people around all the countries. Yes.
 In a week umm it depends on the week but umm you mean talking, right, not texting on the phone, right?
 Speaking?
 Umm. One or two times in a week maybe.
 In which situation --- uh --- when I met with --- when I met --- met with exchange student I talk to them in a hallway or like in a school or something like that, yes.
 Well, yes, umm especially in the class.
 I hope I could speak more English in the class.
 Topics --- umm --- I like to know about --- I like to know about, you know, other country's cultures, so if I could know about the cultures of like other country's things, I am happy to talk about that.
 Culture. Umm.
 Umm. The original cultures that we --- that we never have in Japan. Uh.
 For example --- umm --- cultures umm example eh-uh-umm uh umm culture, right, umm.
 Culture --- hmm --- like languages---
 Or something.
 You mean uh for our speaking or writing or---?  
 Uh. You mean like for --- for what?
 Oh, speaking ability. Umm. I think the --- I think the best way to improve my speaking ability is to talk to foreigners in English because in Japan, like umm in Japanese edu --- education we don't have --- we don't have much --- we don't have any chances to speak or like talk in English, so we are not yet --- we are not used to uh --- we are --- we --- we don't umm how to say like --- we're not that good at speaking English, like Japanese, so maybe the best way to improve English is to talk to foreigners.  
 Yes.
 Umm. Group discussion maybe, yeah.
 Why? Umm. Because umm, you know, more peop --- basically more people more fun.
 Yes, huh-huh-huh.
 Yes.
 Umm. Speaking maybe.
 Because even though we cannot write --- we cannot read --- we can, yeah, umm, even though we can't do writing, reading and the things, if we can speaking something we --- at least we can communicate, so I think speaking is the easiest way to communicate and also ea --- easiest way to learn or like know --- know each other, yes.