
Yeah.
Uh, sure.
Uh, yeah.
I like speaking in English.
Because English - English can make, uh, lots of conversations with the other country's people.
So, it can make me more - more impressed and more thinking something, another - another yeah, opinion and culture and history.  So, yeah, I like that.
Maybe one time.
Yeah.
Oh, with - with the other friends.  So, in which situation?
Uh, actually, our - our school, our university has a collaborative program - program.
Yeah, so XXX .
I'm sorry about that.
So, I - I am in that pro - I am in that project---
So, we met - we met - we met once per week.  So, we have a conversation in English.
Uh, noth - nothing special, just we talk - we are talking about our, just our day and we're - what we are really in something, yeah.
Uh, yeah, actually I want.
I said - uh, I said before---
---something like culture and also history.
And also I like, like, like talking.
Yeah, just - yeah, just - just have a conversation easier.
Uh, what I do, I mean right now---
Just, uh, to me, a good - good way to studying was - is, uh, watching the movie, an English movie and listening music or - or watching a video in the YouTube without the - without subscript.
Yeah, it - it - I think it's a good - it's a good way for the studying English, because we can learn, uh, real talk, real talking in the yeah, in - in just a real conversation.
So, yeah, I like that.
Uh, what - what is group conversation, discussion? 
Hmm.
I think - I think I prefer group discussion.
Because one-on-one is good---
But, uh, how can I say that, it's - it's only you can - just - just you and me, but a group discussion is - it has a group conversation and in - and make more - more opinion and also, uh, we're talking - we can talk about something more, I think.
You may think.
So, I think I prefer a group, yeah.
Mm-hmm
Uh.
Oh, it's a hard one.  I think - I think speaking.
Because writing - writing and listening is  also, uh, important part, but speaking is what I am - what I am thinking and what I - what I want like that, so yeah, I think the most part - the most important one is the speaking.
Uh, yeah.
Uh yeah.
Yeah, it's - it's alright.
