
Of course.
Yeah, I - I always prefer to speak English.
If I - if I can speak with foreign, uh, student or people.
Because, uh, it's not only for my English ability.
But also speaking English can, uh - can give me more opportunities to share my ideas with other foreign students, which I've never experienced their lives.
So, I prefer speaking English.
Um, for now, I'm taking only English, uh, major classes.
Which means, I don't need to speak Korean in classes.
So, I, uh - and I have a class on Tuesday and Thursday, so I normally - I basically speak at least every Tuesday and Thursday and also I'm attending some kind of buddy program---
---which is operated by, uh, administration of Korea University so part of luck.
I think it's three times more than a week.
In a week, yeah.
I mean in class or---?
Um, in my English class, I normally talk about some very aca - academic things like, uh, talking about English literature or the way I - listening abilities and kind of things like that, which is more focusing on, uh, classes per - purpose and its goal.  And when I talk to my friends, my buddy, English speaking - English speaking native buddy, I normally talk about, uh, their - our backgrounds of how we live in - I'm from South Korea and she is from, uh, Romania, so yeah she was talking about some kind of things in Romania and yeah some different things, interesting. 
Sorry?
Um, than others or---?
Oh yeah.  Well yeah, I always text my buddy to meet each other because I always wanted desire - I have a desire to speak English so yeah it's better than - yeah, better talk more. 
Umm, I think to meet foreign students and speaking natural, like daily life, uh, English things are the best way to improve my English, but what I have done in Korea is normally watch a drama or movies, and I just, uh, repeat their - their dialogues or like their - what they are saying.
And I actually have experience to stay in Australia in a year and United States in a year so yeah I can - I have, uh - I was able to meet a lot of, uh, foreigners yeah, there.
Umm, I prefer, uh, talking to one-to-one.
Because it's more - much more easy to understand what they are saying and it's much more easy to convince them if we have some conflict.
But I also, uh, kind of like to speak in - uh, in a group because it's very - it's always very interesting to, uh, share our - our ideas and listen what they think and their backgrounds so yeah, I don't actually matter of the number. 
I think, um, listening is the most important thing to start - as a student to study English.
Because, uh, listening can give me, uh, like chances to learn English.
Not only focusing in just listening but also we can help you to, uh, repeat and speaking abilities by repeating.
And also you can get grammar points or idioms or phrases from listening.
So, I think listening is the most important thing.
