
Good morning.
Yes.
Yes.  Please do so.
Uh, yes, I do.  There are certain terms or explanations that I do better in English  .
So, I prefer to speak in English on certain things.
Because, uh, as for me, I explained better in for - our formal things in English because, uh, my vocabulary, uh, much wider.
Uh, in those part in English compared to Malay, so, uh, that is why I choose to speak English on those matters.
Uh, I do speak daily, but, uh, I speak English to myself.
So, that means I speak English daily.
Uh, to my parents  .
And, uh, sometimes when I go online.
Uh, it could be anything on daily mes - daily basis matter or if I have to speak, like, uh, I have interest retic - related to health and food.  So, when I read or speak regarding those stuff I speak in English because most reading materials that I read are found in English, so it is better for me to speak.  Regarding those matters in English.
Yes.
Yes.
Uhh.
Uh, I think, like, what I did to improve my English speaking abilities is, number one will be reading  .
Because true reading that you gave many vocabs, I-I learn many new vocabularies every day to readings and besides that watching movies, like, actually from the - the way, uh, phases are being spoken at like, like watching movies you - I learn and how to express myself on certain matters.
I read soft - hard books or, uh, like currently I'm reading a book on, it is called, Why You Eat, like, regarding the food ingredients and stuff.  So, normally I would read those kind of book where it give added value that something I read in the class.
I think, like, uh, I like, umm, umm, discussion matter.
Because it's like a two-way communication.
Like, it's not just me giving and me receiving, but I get to do both.
Yes.
Uh, I think, I prefer to with my friends because we them, like, and everyday there is always going to be a topic to talk about, so, it's like we prefer to have a topic and then sharing each other's point of view regarding the matter, like, on - on how and what we think about it.
I think, in my opinion is going to - it's got to be, uh, speaking.
Because as you know that as human we need to express our self, so, like one of the most important ways to express ourselves, like, is by communicating with people.  So, in order for you to communicate with people better you need to have better speaking abilities.
