
Yes, you may.
Yes, I do.
Because I think, um, English is fun for me to learn.  And I have a very good teachers as I was young, my parents especially.  So, it made English more easier, in fact, to learn, especially with my friends, when we, uh - when we know how to speak English well, so it makes English more fun for me.
In a week?
During my primary school, I always  talke  with my friends in class especially, but after I moved on to the secondary school, I speak less because Malay was - Malay was more talking than the English.  And I only speak English with my non-Malay friends.  Yes.
Okay.  Uh.  I watched a lot of movies during my secondary school, so my friends and I discuss about the movies when we watch together.
Yes, of course.
I would talk about, um, what's trending nowadays, yes, for example, you know, all on the social medias, what has been trending.  I would like to speak in English for that kind of topic.  And for, um - nowadays, for, I - because I am in technology - yes, I would like to speak more about food related stuff in English.
Because that's, uh, the topic that I really, uh - I am really interested in.
Yes.
Uh, for me, I watch a lot of videos about, uh, people watching, uh, people speaking English, uh, in the, ahem, on YouTube, or in social media such as Instagram or Twitter.  That influence me a lot to speak more English actually, because, uh, there, of course - maybe other people, for example, in America, they wanted to learn Malay.  So, why can't we learn English like them?  Yes.
Um, for me, I like group discussion.
Because, uh, we can learn - we can, uh - we can hear many opinions - for, uh - better in English.  Yes.  Because, uh, I can pick up a few vocabulary from them and they can pick up a few vocabulary from me also.  So, it's two-way communication.
Yes.
Writing.
Aw, to me, it's, uh, your own preference actually.
Yeah.
My - the, the most important is listening I guess.  Yes.  Because---
---um, the more you listen, the more you can practice your English.  Yes.  If you listen more - or English radios, or English speaking, uh - I mean English speaking videos or anything, you might pick up few words that you can apply in your daily lives.  Yeah.
Yes, listening.
