
Walaikum Assalam.
Good afternoon.
Yes, yes.
Ah, to be honest I am not really speaking much in my class.  I'm quite introvert actually.  So even in my native tongue or in English I don't really speak much.
Well, because it is more comfortable to speak in my native tongue.  In English sometimes I didn't know if whether - when I talk people understand what I'm talking about.
In a week, ah, not much actually.  Ah, if usually in the class - I'm a university student so in class when I want to ask a question or when I'm ah, talking to the lecturer mostly I speak in English but outside of the class, outside of academic - academic situation I prefer to speak in Malay.
Well, mostly lecturer or may be my friends who more comfortable speak in English.
Ah, sometimes anywhere else is quite right because ah, sometimes outside of - outside of ah, this academic study ah, the clerk or may - the waiter in a restaurant or maybe the cashier on the market sometimes ask me in English, so I try to reciprocate in English too.
Well, it depends actually.  When if it's ah, about some things that I like I can speak it very fluently actually.
Yes, I want actually because nowadays English is pretty much the language the world use.  So it's better to know more.
Well, that depends actually because right now I'm a chemistry student and as a chemistry student I need to be able to present my research findings  clearly .  So if it is something that I like, the topic that I love then I want to talk more about it.
Well, to improve my - usually I like to read novels and mostly English novel.  So from there I learn about the vocabulary and the language but ah, I remember one trick that my teacher once ah told me if you want to learn English in high school.  My teacher said that try to sing, sing an English song you like and naturally the words will come to you.
I think it's group discussion.  I prefer to talk in a group of people because from there more topics can  be bring up , so the conversation can be brought longer.
Well, the most important skill is speaking I think.
This is language, so if we want to get better we need to speak more about it.
