
Good afternoon.
Sure.
Yes, I do.
In a week?  I think every single day in a week.
With, uh, sometimes with my mom, my lecturer, of course, and then with my friends.
Uh, I'll talk about my assignment with my lecturer, I talk about assignment and then with my friends, I talk about the current issue.  And then with my mom, I told her about what assignment I am doing right now, and then what is my problem, and then I don't know how to solve the problem.  And then I asked her for her advice.  Yeah, something like that.
Of course.
Mm, I talk about my dream.  For example, with my friends, uh, for my friends, I always talk about my dream.  My dream always changes daily.
And then I talk.  
And then I talk to her what I want for tomorrow, for the future, and then I keep changing my dream based on what, based on from my observation, from what I'm learning, from what I'm watching.  Something like that.
Yes.
I usually talk to my friends who is power in English, I'm trying to communicate with her and then I ask her if I have some grammatical errors, and then what if my vocabulary is too low.  And then I ask her how to improve my English.  And then I asked, I always do exercise in my assignment and then I refer to the dictionaries if it is correct or not.  And then I always speak to my, hmm, actually, I have a cousin, which is, she is a teacher in English.
And then I always ask her about my English, either it is good, or it is not too good, or I need to improve it and how I'm going to improve it or something like that.
Mm-hmm.
Discussion.
Discussion because when I'm doing discussion with my friends, uh, I can, you know, sometimes I can catch the word, the word.  Sometimes they - they - they are using a sophisticated adjective for it.  Because I love that words.  I love, uh, sometimes they use the idioms, and then for me, it is, it is, can improve my English besides, uh, besides I'm XXX   to my friends and to lecturer.
So, I think in, in discussion, it helps me a lot and can help me a lot to improve my English.
For me, speaking.
Because when you travel to somewhere, and then you, you have a conversation with the, with the foreign and then are you going to writing?  Of course, you're going to speaking.  So, that is my point, that is my main point and why do you need to speaking, um, more and speaking is better than writing because writing is usually, usually they do in education.  So, uh, you have to improve your speaking skills because you can use it around the world.
