
Sure, you can.
Yes, I like to speak in English.  Yes, I like to speak in English.
Because it can improve my intellect especially when we are talking with someone that can understand our , our, our language, for example, like if we are talking to someone that is outside from this country, so we need to, uh, make communication with each other.  So, English is a suitable language to be learned.
Mostly just in class where I will speak with my fellow friends.  But if outside the classroom, not that much.
Something about the social media, for example, like, uh, about social things, like what, what happening inside the Twitter or Instagram, for example, like our famous actor and our, our famous sportsman, something like that, with my fellow friends.
Yes, I want, because, uh, I like to speak in English, and, uh, it can helps me in my - to get greater better result in my examination.
For myself?
Huh.
I would like to talk about in scientific things, for example, like for myself, because I am a microbiology student, so I would like to speak about, for example, like bacteria, about culturing things, intubation things.  So - that's why I like, uh, to encourage myself and have some - have some braveness inside me to speak in English.
Yes.
For me, I will try to make a lot of questions.  For example, from the test that has been conducted by my lecturers or by my teachers.  And then I will try to listen to some song, watch some movies that, um, uh, that is, uh, new ways to learn English, for myself.
Mm.  I like in-group discussion because, if in group, we can - they have a lot of idea, because we have more than one brain that's interacting with each other.   Right   For example, like when I am talking to my, uh, group members, where they are consist of four people.  So, they can give a lot of ideas there.  Especially,  eh  in, for my case, I am a science student, so we need a lot of option, oh, ah, a lot of opinion from each others.
The most important skill for me is reading.
Because if you can read very well, you can understand what  the  things or what  the  things one, uh, you want to know about.  So, that's why, if you can read with, uh, good pronunciation, and you can understand what the article or what the things that you want to understand.  With reading, uh, it can improve - uh, it can improve your understanding with that things.
