
Yes.
Um, I like, but I am not so  influenced  but I like to talk.
Because I love to watch English movie because the emotion and the feeling. and some friends talk in English so that make me to talk in English even though I am not good in English actually.
So basically when we learn something like this, this century like science and math and also but so many to learn in English because there is no model  .
So I talk openly  .
With my friends because my friends, uh, he talk in English with his family.  So it makes me want to talk in English.
So normally the topic will be, uh, learning topic like science.  To talk in English and we argue about something so---
For sure because we need to learn in English for the life.  And and a lot of people in this talk in English so we must use.
I would like to talk about people right.  I love to talk about human's right.  So it make some debate.
Yes.
So basically when I learned English, I used to have Besta.  So I used to Besta to, to translate why I don't know the meaning or the, the English word.  And basically I asked my friends to - to - to make the right word for me when my - when I talk and they correc - correct me.  So it's like that.
So, when - I, I love to talk with mirror like XXX   uh you need to do okay I speak in English with mirror like to - like counseling, like counseling myself, like that.
I prefer  
I prefer group.
Because I love to talk.  So, when someone talk, I will like to argue something so that's me.  I want to debate with.  And I want to prove that I am right at that XXX  .  So I love to, to, to get in group and talk about something and like presentation we do in group.  So, we need discussion.  If uh if one-to-one you just one - you use just one brain, then five and more you use.
The most I think communication or speaking because, uh, if we good in writing, uh, but we don't  courages  to speak or write about something.  And you need communication to, to get job.  So if just writing, you don't know how to make your - your - it's called uh your - your plan, to make your plan be good than writing. Just writing is basically in paper and when you communicate, you can improvise your English more than your writing.
