
Sure.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Yes I do like.
Well for me because I was born in a English cultural family, so I was teach since young to talk in English, so I practice a lot with my family.
Well, I don't talk English that much with friends because my friends more prefer to talk in Bahasa with me, so -- but when I chat with my friends, uh, the same friends, but I usually use English because, uh, because it's a regular thing for me to use English in a conversation.  So how often do I use?  Yeah I use a lot from time to time.  Uh, mostly on chat but when speaking it's not much.  Uh, what topics do I like to talk?  Just like general stuff like hobbies and leisure times, yeah.
Well, if I was given a chance to talk, uh, on what topic I would like to say about journey of life, uh, journey of a student, uh, to achieve some -- something that he or she wanted.  So that could inspire people to, uh, be more productive and to give their effort more to achieve something, yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Two improve my speaking ability I usually I do watch movies or hear songs, English songs, because from that I can hear the pronunciation quite well.  So I can practice it and if I learn something new I -- I just prefer to the dictionary so I can understand it and I can use that quite often in, like, presentation or such, so at the end I'd like to read novels English novels.  So from there also I improve my vocabulary and my grammar.  Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Uh, from my opinion, uh, I am more, uh, like I like to talk in groups.
Uh, why because I feel more comfortable with speaking to a large crowd because, uh, some -- some people don't like to talk in English so, uh, to lower my nervous when talking to someone, so I usually talk to many people at once because, uh, by that part I can focus on many people as I can, so I just don't point direct at the person.  So I can improve my self-esteem when talking in English.
Yes.
Most important skill?  From -- for me
Uh, for me I would -- for me the most important skills in English is about writing.
Uh, writing because, uh, for me to learn English is not that easy and when you were given a task to write so you can -- when you write you can identify what -- what grammar do you weak.  So you can improve by that time because writing is quite crucial because if you read and you speak English that is quite often people can do it like easily.  So writing some people are not that fluent in writing.  So for me I'd like to push more on my writings.
Yes, sure.
