
Yes, sir, of course.
Yes, sir.
Sir, it builds confidence in us.
Sir, um, uh, almost in the university timings, really, and when I use to teach with my students and I use to speak English all the time.
Sir, by commanding them or by teaching them, uh, I want to talk with some student.  I want to give some command.  I want to say something to some student.  I oftenly  use to speak in English.
Yes, sir, of course.
Sir, it may be anyone.
Sir, I didn't get you.
Sir, as I previously - previously told you that it creates confidence in us, that's why I want to---
---speak more.
Yes, sir.
Sir, mm, first of all, when I was in 8th class I thought that by learning English grammar, by learning English sentences, I can have a grip - a good grip on this English and I would be able to easily speak in English.  But after the best of time, I came across that I am wrong according to my opinion. And when I come across with the people who use to speak English then I get, uh, a grip on this English.
Sir, as we see in the books or in the sentences, we are lim - we are bound or we are very limited to some extent, so we are limited with the way, uh, some simple words.  But when we came across with the juniors, seniors or with our teachers we come across with the - they also - when we are talking with our teacher, or when we are talking with our junior, or when we are talking with our senior, they also share feeling, they are also used to share we have different things with that and by sharing all the things we came across we get a good grip on this English.
Yes, sir.
Sir.
Sir, uh, I prefer the group discussion, mostly.
Sir, because in the group discussion, mm, we also use to comment on, uh, the opinion of the peoples and we also have confidence and we also create, uh, mm - we also give our opinion to other peoples and we come acro - across different, uh, uh, different opinions of different people.
Sir, um, uh, I think that listening is the most important - uh, according to me, listening skill is the most important according to me.
Sir, as we come across the listening, uh, uh - so we - sir, the - the speaking skill.
Sir, speaking skill because when we come across the speaking skills, we got the confidence and we are able to share our ideas with the people and we come across with the different vocabularive - uh, vocabulary.  As - as we compare with the other three skills that are writing or the listening and in the writing we also - we can - didn't get the confidence as we got the confidence in the speaking skills.
