
Yes you may.
Ah, yes, of course.
Speaking in English has been quite exotic for me rather than speaking in my na first language, which is Filipino.  I choose to speak in English because ah in another perspective it can state your superiority in terms of educational attainments.
In a week perhaps five days because of schedule, depends on where I am.
Umm, usually with my friends, with ah ah co-relatives, with my partners ah, depends on what language do they use because it's really situational.
Yeah, yeah yeah.  Umm when when the person that's asking me a question is also speaking in English, of course, I should respond in English.  So in that situation.
What kind of topics?  Perhaps in a very casual conversation umm research ah games ah perhaps com uh common perspectives like what different world of use uh different perspectives, very few topics about research in terms of academic attainment ah mo-mostly personal but yeah aca- more in academic purposes probably.
Yes, of course.
Uh, I would like to talk in English ah about my life because I really can't open up ah my own personal thoughts because I tend to hide them because people nowadays tend to discriminate people who speak in English.  If that is not your ah native language, they tend to discriminate you, so I-I-I'd rather speak English a-a-and yeah.
Umm.
What do I do?  I tend to watch TV shows.  I tend to read.  I tend to mimic very few different accents.  I tend to speak alone and whenever there is nobody whenever ah there are there are no people ah around me, I tend to speak in English and just say out loud my hidden thoughts.  And due to that practice, I tend to ah like I tend to practice my accent and my vocabulary when speaking alone and yeah.
Hmm.
I prefer the one-to-one discussion because the group discussions I-I tend to get attacked with anxiety, with people judgments in my brain, it's functioning very abstract.  Like I don't really want to be a-a judged by many people whenever I speak.  I just want one person to criticize me and it's really a matter of self-esteem, so I prefer the one one-to-one conversation.
Hmm.
The most important skill is writing in English because writing in English you can speak it but not fluently.  But whenever a person tends to write in English, they tend to a-a-a evaluate more information.  They tend to elaborate a-a-a more precise rather than speaking because we tend to get a lot of psycho-psychological effects whenever we speak in front of people.  We tend to write because it's intrapersonal.  So there are no over thinking capabilities psychological attacks.  No, there are none.
