
Yes.
Yeah.
I really don't know.  But there is something about the English language that it makes me, ah it, it is easier to explain in English sometimes.  Sometimes it's easier to explain that.  But there are like circumstances where you have to speak in English to explain it better, better.
I can't really tell, because sometimes it's with the friend groups of people.  It's either with ah, some of my, it's either with my family or some of my family members, some of my friends.  Ah, it's really ah, based on what group you are in.  Most of the time it's with my high school friends, because I came from a English ah, what do you call this, profession high school.  So, that's where I got to get to speak English a lot.
More chances?
I do think I only, I speak in English when other ah, people speak English to me.
And I speak at the gallery if they speak at the gallery to me.  So, every time I get the chance, I guess I speak in English.  It depends with the person.
Honestly, I didn't ah, I didn't ah, realize that I got better in speaking English when I was reading.  Ah, I know it's kind of like gross.  But I read Wattpads when I was in high school and it kind of helped me, because though some grammars are like ah, at first, but you get to understand and to get to like articulate better, because you, your vocabulary gets wider because of reading from Wattpads, internets or sometimes I read Mangas and I guess reading in general or sometimes YouTube videos actually.  I watch a lot of YouTubers where and they, from of course, foreign pages.  And that's where I get some words that you cannot understand it.
Umm, read and internet, that's all, yes, read and you know, watch videos in English.
Actually ah, I like group discussions better, because I experience it, because I also work now.  And in working as a team and discussing things with your team and making it, I, I don't know.  It's better speaking in a group, I guess.
For me, the most important skill is listening, because you can speak, but you can, I don't know.  I think I like listening better, because that's what I'm good at.  I guess I listen well.  But I can't speak well XXX  .  I don't know how I.
