
Yes, you can.
Umm, I do and I prefer to speak in English.
In a week maybe I think most of the time every - and as it requires and as I love the topic - with my friends and classmates - and myself that every day.
Umm, I'm speaking with my friends during our - umm, academic classes in school and when I'm teaching some of the topics that we have in Church   because I do this - that kind of art lessons, I do use the language or the English language and also, whenever I Twitter my - umm, one of the umm, youngest relatives of mine, I do use the language English.  That's why I speak English in that way.
Yes., of course.
Umm, maybe I think the best is - for me, yeah - umm, about politics because if I am - I know that politics is a very formal kind of topics and issue that requires the words that cannot be adopted in Filipino that's why it's very much okay and in fact if we are going to speak that up in English because it is more accurate to use those words and it is - can it look more formal than Filipino.
Umm, I just ensure when - when I'm still umm, learning the language, I'm still learning the English language, I love to watch foreign movies, umm, English series and I love to - umm, mimic on how they speak and how they construct the sentence and how they talk to - umm, someone else and I think that's - in that way I improve the way I speak the language.
Umm, I think it's more like group discussion because it is more something - use at the same time it more sound - umm, natural because all of you are speaking the same language, which is English.  However, XXX   that it's kind of more - umm, I don't know let me - umm, it's more - umm, making things conscious and the words that you might use that - the words that you may be wrong in doing - you use the words because it is finalized - very intimidating and for me the group discussion is more natural.
Umm, XXX   I think listening is most important skills that we have because all the other three is the skills that can be transferring to someone and can learned - umm - easily - my opinion, but listening is something that has XXX   of understanding and comprehension and it's something that starts really new and with the require of knowledge and this is the main thing.  Listening is much more immediate.
