
Yes, you may.
Do I like speaking in English?
Yes.
Uh, I like speaking in English.  I like speaking in English uh, because I am more comfortable uh, speaking in that language than uh, my home language.  And uh, the majority of the population uses the English language, so that means uh, it will be easier to communicate with people using the uh, English language since it's globalized around the world.
Uh, I speak English almost every day, uh, because uh, I - uh, speak English with my family, my mother, my father and my siblings.  Uh, our topics are usually every day related topics.  I also speak English to my girlfriend and uh, to my uh, professors uh, regarding uh, subjects or whatever course it is.
Uh, yes, if there is an opportunity to learn more about the English - English, then yes, I would love to have a better---  
What kind of topics?  For me, uh, I am very spontaneous, uh, I would love to talk about um, any kinds of topics, uh, it can be about sports, it can be about entertainment, it can be about uh, arts, anything.
Uh for me, uh, I personally favor the one-on-one discussion uh, more because I get to express my feelings and uh, I get to say what I want in - uh, in person rather than having several people uh, listening to what I am saying.  So it's more classified and I get to express uh, to the interviewer uh, what I want to tell them.
The most important skill?  I believe the most important for me is uh, reading.  Reading because not everyone uh, has - everyone is privileged to speak and they are privileged to listen, but when you - when you read it's basically the - not the easiest thing to do, but once you learn about it, and once you have the knowledge and the skills for reading, then it will be easier for you to read things in your everyday life.  For example, when you are reading books, when you are reading uh, street signs, when you are reading uh, anything, it will be easier to go with your everyday life and to communicate with people.  So I think reading, yes.
