
Yeah, sure.  Why not? 
Yes, I like to speak.
Uh, because it's getting, uh, trend of English speaking in our country day by day it increasing.  And mostly we people use to express our feelings.  We people use English language in our native language to express our feelings outstanding as emotions like this.  This is - that's why I also like to, uh, speak English.
Uh, I mostly in a week - the week days except the weekend.
Routine.  In daily routine, daily basis I mostly use two or three or with even my teachers or any fellows, not so much. 
Uh, yes.  Uh, mostly in our department while discussing to the teacher, the most important topics are any conference which is conducted in our university or any place where we have to speak English.
Yes.  If more chances are given to me, I will avail them.
Yeah, topic, mm, the debate.  I like to debate in English because English debating can improve your listening as well as speaking skills.  That's why I like to debate on different topics in English.
Uh, sorry, can't you repeat the question?
Yes.
Yes, I told already that I like to speak and listen, both the skills are important for my improving in English skills.  Secondly, uh, the dictionaries which mostly help me in improving my English skills which - which can be---
Yes, there are some words - the - the words which can be translated from our native language to English and I can use them in my daily routine like words like---
All the - not listening but spoken and written because those word can help me in pronunciation as well as my grammatical mistakes can be developed from them.
Yes.
I like the most one-to-one conversation.  
Yes.
Because in one-to-one conversation, the person can clearly express his feelings.  Uh, no one - no the third person can interrupt you in your discussion and you can clearly and more efficiently express your feelings?
I think listening is the most important skill because when you are able to listen the other language, other than your native language like English language which is not my native language, I can develop an idea of using my mind so that I can write it and I can also speak it well.
