
Yes sir.
Uh, yes I like speaking in English.
Uh, actually, uh, it's an international language.  So, everyone prefers to talk in English.  So, uh, as we know or all, uh, courses are in English, so we prefer speaking in English.
In a week only twice or thrice, uh, we speak English.
Uh, it should be when...
...uh, when we are having any discussion with our teachers, when they are teaching us some, uh, things, so we speak, uh, English twice or thrice in a week and we do speak with our friends, uh, when we are in, uh, a discussion, that is like a political or some religious, uh, being a - an English student.
Yes, I want to have more chances to speak in English.
Uh, I would like to talk about topics like political and regional - regional politics and these are the topics.
Hmm.
Uh, one thing I do that is, uh, um, I always bring whatever I learn, uh, I bring in use whatever I learn, uh, in classes or in studying something.  So, I often, uh, try to speak with my friends, uh, those who are with me in university or in hostel.  So, I try to learn while speaking with them.
Sir, actually sir, uh, speaking XXX  I know, uh, English can be learned to - through speaking.  So, speaking is - uh, but not learned while you read something or study something.  It - it can be only learned by discussing something with someone and having discussions related to many topics.
Yes sir, the - the one I like the most is a, uh, one-to-one, uh.
Because when - then one is, uh, one needs to be more serious rather than in discussion if you speak there may be someone who will be disturbing you not letting you say something.  So, I prefer always one-to-one speaking.
Yes.
Uh, for me, uh, speaking is the most important. .
Uh, if you - sir, if you see, uh, whenever if we go somewhere, uh, in countries where English is their native, uh, language, so we have to talk to them with - in English and we do not need to write something and then ask them and means in speaking is an appropriate way through which you can discuss something with someone.  So, this is the...
