
Sure.
I do.
Because that is the second language and when I'm using this - when I use this language, I can't - like I can't say whatever I want without really think about what I want to say, I just say less things, uh, I have in my mind, so that's why I like to use English to - I chat with my friends or like talk to myself.
Okay.
I use English to like - I use English every day but - but not like in every conversation I use - I - I speak English - uh, if I can, I will use it as much as I can.
With - I - everyone who want to speak English with me.
Uh-huh in every situation, for example, when I was in first year of university, I just say XXX  just because we were going to find lunch, and I ask my classmate if we - we can speak English.  And we just chat in English.
Uh-huh, why, but - um, the thing just - the same counts in almost---
No - no - no - no.
No specific topic.
Mo - more chances.
Sure, but how?
Yes.
Be - because - um, my - like my favorite things may be, I think it's movie, so everything about filmmaking or movie-related topics, uh, we don't want to talk and check about this kind of topic.
For English speaking ability, I - I watch like, uh, talk show from like from States and from like Great Britain, and I usually improve my English ability through watching movies.  And I think the - this method was efficient way to improve my English speaking ability.
Well, because, uh, you can try to imit  - imit , uh---
They - uh, to imitate their action or maybe they will use some things.
So, you can try to be more like local to, uh, their way of eng - English speaking.
Uh-huh, I will read - I will try to memorize like the local slangs---
---but not everything from movies.
I don't like - I don't like group discussion, so I will choose, uh, one-to-one individual, uh, conversation because, uh, in group discussion, there will be like key operator---
---and I really don't get.
Yes.
I think it is speaking because if you want to communicate with people, I think the easiest way, uh, through speaking.
And so through speaking, uh, people can easily understand what you want to - what - what's your ideas and what information you want to, uh, offer, so I think maybe, uh, speak English, the most important one.
