
Sure
Yes.
Uh, because it - it gives me confidence.
You mean feel confident?
Because, uh, in - in my - in my - in my hometown, uh, English is basically not a, uh, mainstream main language.  And it's - it's not, uh, official language in our - in my country.  So, I - if one has a great competence of English and master the language you can benefit a lot and that gave you - it gives me confidence.
Uh, you mean by hour or---?
Like a week.
Like at least 10 hours a week.
At least.
With my classmate, with professors.
Normally in classes.  In class.
Uh academic, research, uh.  Yeah, because, uh, in my - in my class we are taught in English.
Yeah.
Uh, yes.
Uh, personally I love business, I love global issues and - because it's - uh, it's - it's, uh, way more practical for me because - and - and we don't - normally we don't do research on - honestly we don't - we don't.  I want to put - uh, put those into practical use.  So, I think, uh, English can - I mean, uh, with English I can, uh, uh, I mean what's the question.
Yes, uh-huh.
Yeah, because I - I want English to be used in a more practical way.  Yes, and that is my answer. 
Uh, I would try to read.  Read more books, magazines and - because different people has their own ways of speaking English.
Because people imitate.
I can learn the - the words.  Normally we - we don't use in - in - in - in my hometown, and in my country's daily conversation because we are, uh, second language learners.  But, uh, in - in - in English, uh, books and magazines and materials, uh, this is authentic.
Yes.
I love - uh, I love group conversation.
Because, uh, uh - why?  In what way?
Speaking English?
Because, uh, we may have more topics and I like to share, like to listen to different opinions from different sides.
Yes.
Uh, important, I would say, that speaking is the most practical one.  But the most important one I think is - is writing because, uh, I think basically the four - the four competence are interconnected and, uh, writing, uh, requires more, uh, experience like experience from reading, speaking and listening.  So, I think writing requires more - more to - than the others and that's why important it is.
