
Can I ask what?
Yeah.
Yes.
The reason I love speaking English because like, uh, I think like when we speak English, we can understand more people of our - our country XXX  .  So, like the more we speak to another people, the more we learn about the cultures.  One thing I learned, and I feel really, really feel it about myself talking in another languages which is like I feel like I learned something more, I learned the cultures.  I really enjoy learning new cultures from all round the world.  I really enjoy like talking to new people.  Yeah, those kind of thing.  Actually, I have a quote, that I - that's the reason why I love languages, which is like from Nelson Mandela, which is like what - what does it say, it say like if you talk to a man in the language he understands, that's go to his head, but if you talk to the man in his language, that's go to his heart.  So yeah, so that exactly---
Yes, I do speak Koreanese, I do speak a little bit of Vietnamese and I learned some Chinese and Spanish.
I - a week, I probably can speak every day.
Yes.
I can speak with my friends from any country or---
Both in person and both internationally.
I do.
Languages.
I love to - yes, that's exactly what I mean.
Right.
Okay.  So, basically, like lots of you ask me how did I improve my English skill.
I will tell everyone that I get started from the one who really bad at the school.  I was the one like get like 2-oint something grade at a high school, and but one thing that I got is I love to study English.  I really love to study English.  I really love to speaking with people.  The first time I was like I was really bad at grammar thing because like, of course, we - we know it, we always learn something about grammar thing at a school and---
Over 10 years and even more than that.  And that's made lots of students cannot be - like not be able to speak English.  
Yes.  But for me, I always tell everyone like first you have to love or you have to like it first.  You can make yourself anyway to make yourself comfortable with that, and for the second, so you just try to find some source, such as YouTube or internet whatever things that you like, so the series those kinds of things, just try to watch it first.  Probably like 1 month it's not going to help, but in long term, like probably like after 6 month, you gonna see the result.  You cannot expect like by just 1 day that you did, but you gonna see---
Yes, exactly.  So that's what I have done, and it's been a really long time.  I can say like I watched over like, how to say, even more 1000 video clips on YouTube or lots of videos.  I speak a lot.  I always tell like if you want to speak good, you have to listen more.  If you want to write good, you have to read more.  So, that's what I always remember in my mind and I always tell to everyone.
Yes, I listen.  I love listening.
Exactly.  So basically like when I improve my ability to speak, so I listen more and luckily I try to find a chance in order to speak, that's the key.
Yes, right.
Do you mean?
Okay, so, uh, I don't mind for both, because like both are fine for me.  I love to speak in front of everyone.  I love to speak one by one.  So, in general, it's totally the same for me.
Mmm, you have to choose one.
You mean for a stranger that I have never met before, or the one that I already known.
Okay, so probably gonna talk one by one.
The one I - if I know them well, I can - I don't mind any.  I can talk in front of them for all the class or anything is fine for me.
Exactly.
Writing.
Okay.  For me, I - I actually - I also discuss with myself a lot about this one, and I feel like actually each of them have their own, how to say, their own reason.  Like, if you are like, uh, the translator, of course you have to be really, really good at writing or like translating, and those kinds of things.  But for me, for myself, for now, I just feel like the speaking is the most part that we should develop first.  Because like reading, no speaking can lead to many kind of things.  You can - when you - whenever you can speak, so you can improve more abilities just like to write or something like those.  It can - like at least you get vocabulary from each time that you speak.
In this case, I mean, for me, for myself, because one thing that I learnt language is because I love to communicate.  I love to talk and exchange the culture with the other so.
Exactly.
Sorry?
Of course you can write, but sometimes it's gonna take longer because you have to write, so if you speak so you just like, how to say, one way go ahead, and you don't have to wait for the second.
Yes, right, absolutely.
