
Yes.  Uh, yes because I have learned English for a long time, and I actually quite looking forward to have an opportunity to work in the Ministry.
Um, I could say almost every time because, uh, and I study, uh, in my class, I have so - obviously, I have to speak in English, but when I go to my room, uh, relax time, I also try to speak English with myself in the free time too, so I can, uh, speak more frequently, uh,  in the future.
You mean talk to myself?
Um, mostly is about - is kind of random because I mostly talk about a subject I have met in a day.  Uh, anything that I have learned from - from today's class or something like that.
Yes, I try looking for work that.
Mostly is about series or cartoon that I have watch at - I have watched at the moment.  Uh, for example, there is a lot of, uh, European cartoon, American - American cartoon like Adventure Times, Steven Universe, uh, even Gravity Falls, something like that.
Most of time - most of the time I try to push myself, uh, out of my comfort zones.  It's like - when I feel like, I don't want to learn English anymore, I try to adapt it into something that I like or try interesting it.  Like I said, I try to listen a lot to cartoon without subtitles.  I try to read a lot of novel that I - uh, that may become a famous movie like Harry Porter and is - that tell a lot because, uh, when you have an interesting in something, pretty much you try and want to learn more about it too.
Yes, uh, is - actually, quite a bad habit to myself because I try to humble all the time and when I watch or listen to this kind of things with series, cartoon, I repeat after them too, and I kind of learn the vocabulary or even the accents from them too.
I think I like group decision - discussion, uh, more than one on one because I get to have a lot of - you know, topic.  When I speak to one person, I can only get, uh - uh, one topic or one informations.  But when I talk to a lot of people, I get to share my knowledge, um, anyone knowledge, a lot of informations from them, not only one persons.
That is very interesting.
The more importance - I think it is speaking, uh, because eventu - eventually I think is up to my - is something that I like.  I like speaking so I said speaking is the most important because most - most of the time, I communicate with teacher when I don't understand with the writing or listening, I ask them what is this or what is that, and I - if I understand what they said or communicated me, then I get to learn, uh, about other things next time.  But if you don't understand what teacher says or what is they - what are they, uh, saying to you, you - you might get confused and more confused in the futures.
