
Sure.
Speaking English?  I - I not really often speak English in my daily life.  But if I have a chance, I will practice more - practice speaking more English.  So, uh, maybe it's my - my interest.
How often?  Uh, it's difficult to - to evaluate the - the right time I speak English in my daily life, but if I have a chance to meet some foreign friends or international classmates, I - I will try my best to speak in English.
Maybe.
Uh, it's 30 minutes a week or one hour at the most.
With some foreign or international exchange students.
Uh, when we play - when we play bas - bas --basketball in a small court.  So, we - we will communicate with each other in English.
But he's not a Eng - English native - English native speaker.  He is from West - West Asia.
Southeast.
Middle - Middle - Middle East.
He is from Middle East.
Uh, which country, I forget.
What kind of topics?  Oh, I seen, we can - uh, we just chat with each other.  They are XXX   come from to study in NTU.  And maybe trip with him to some specific type of subjects, sports or some, some - actually we both like NBA or something like that.
More chance?  Maybe, but I - I have to practice more to - to promote my English speaking - speaking skills.  Yeah.
What kind of topic?  Maybe sports, yes, such as basketball or some Olympic Games, or some, uh, YouTube video.  Yeah.
Speak English is very - I've seen various ways to improve one speaking English ability is to - to spend - spend more time, um, practice speaking English such as interact with foreigners or go to - to - go to cram school, maybe XXX  .  Okay.
Group discussion is, uh - is really nice but if you want to improve your English as good as possible, you need to such as, uh, one-to-one conversation in English.  Yeah.
Most important skill - I, uh - if you want to - if you want to attend a - a test or, uh, exam, you - you must be really - you must be really skilled in writing and - writing and - writing - writing - writing and reading.
Yeah.  So - but if you want to go to abroad to travel abroad to have interaction with foreigners or have to get account   with international friends, you must need to improve your speaking and listening ability in - in English.
