
Yeah, I speak English every day.  Uh, when I woke up, I will talk to myself like I am going to brush my teeth, I am going to take shower, and at the end of the day, I will talk to myself and talk about what I have done.
I think it's kind of test my brain - test my - I like learning new things, and I have learned English for like many years since I was young.  But I - I think I am still lack of many skill, many like listening, speaking, I still lack of it.
A week, uh, every day.
Uh, mostly it's my routine, and my hobbies, my - like my friend sometime and - and I am XXX   with my friend, so I talk to myself why I am XXX  
Yes.
Uh, topic - I want to talk about culture, uh, attractions, places around the world, because I do research - I research on the Internet about the world economy, something like it.
To improve, I have many ways.  For example, like listening to music, and if I want to challenge myself, I will listening some kind of rap music, so if they have many slang words, some strange word that I have never heard and also movie influence me a lot.  Uh, at first, I watch movie with Thai subtitle, but these day, I try to not, uh, watch any movie that has subtitle, just listen to the, you know, image.
Uh, you mean, uh, I---
Umm, uh, okay.  When - for example, I watch lot on YouTube and sometime I don't understand or the topic is some kind of ambiguous, so I pause the YouTube video and I talk to myself why did she do that, why did she talk like that.
For - for speaking skills, um, I use Tinder to speak to foreigner.  Um, sometime I learn many words like slang words, some - uh, I want to say like, when I talk to them, and then get close - closer to them, then we can talk like video call.  Yes, I play Tinder to like study English.
Uh, better - it depends on situation.  If I want like deep - deep information, I want to talk like one by one, but if I want to listen, uh, for many opinion and to gather them to summarize myself, I want to talk in group.
For me, speaking is the most important because if I will only listen to the foreigner speaking English to me, like I - I don't think - I just receive things into my mind.  But when I speak, I can like think at the same time when I want to speak.
