
Yes.  I like to speak in Eng - English.  So, I choose English major.
Why?  I like, uha - an accent but - when, uh, when I was young, uh, I study English with, uh, native teacher and they - they XXX   to me.  So, that why I like to speak in English.
In a week, I - I don't know.  May - uh, in a week, to be in hours or per day?
In one week, uh maybe 5 day.
Five day.
With my friends or my teacher during we study in class, because I have a class in - every day, uh, Monday to Friday.
About, uh, different topic because we learn in different story.
Yes, it depend on - in class.
Pardon?
Yes, I - if I have a chance to go other country, I want to - I - uh, in different country, they have different accent, so I want to have learned to speak like them.
In general?  
General topic.
Uh, speaking with no stress - to stress - stress - stress.
And just speak what you want to speak and use body language to help when you speak and explanation more - if you want to speak, give, uh, explanation and just do whatever you want them to understand you more.
Uh, I like to watch the - different channel in YouTube.  I - uh, the word in English that make me have a new word and I will have a word.  And I will learn a new word in every YouTube that I watch.
Uh, something - uh, maybe - uh, for speaking, we practice in room with teacher or friend.  They - for example, a business class, the teacher give - give me - uh, give us time to - like a book to share idea and let them - let us to speak like role play like a, uh, business class.  As one they give me, uh, businesswoman and the - my friend is, uh, a customer and give a return role and we act like, uh, role that they give and speaking to each other.
Group discussion.
Because it have not just - uh, one to one idea but is different idea and we - like if you don't - don't think it and speaking immediately, the friend you help each other.
I think, uh, writing is the most, uh, important.  I think speaking is the most important because, uh, if you can speaking very well, that mean you can conversation to each - the person that you speak with them.
