
Yes.
No I don't like to speak English.
Because I think that's not my mother tongue.  And I feel more comfortable speaking my mother tongue.
I think, um, not really often.  I think it can be quite rare because - um, because my class is usually conducted in Chinese because the professors or the instructors need to explained, uh, like the, uh, phonology or some kind of theories in Chinese to made us, uh, understand more or understand deeper.  So, I think there are rarely chance to speak English.
Sure.
With whom?  Mostly, usually, in a present - a class presentation. 
Yes, so it's full - it's probably happens, um, twice or third or three times a month or - or a semester.  So, I think it can be said to be quite rare.
Specific topic, it depends.  Uh, because, um, I have taken several different classes the semester.  Also, I think, um, there is no fixed topic about speaking English.
I - I have no opinion of that.  Yes - yeah, either - either speaking Chinese is comfortable or speaking English to sharpen my English speaking efficiency.  So, I think I can be the either way.
Mm-hmm.  I think like in casual topics like dramas or anime, uh, because currently I am really indulged in - myself in, um, American dramas like XXX , and I'm currently in season 6.  I hope you all of course watch it. 
Although it's a bit lot - a lot of bloody and lots of porn - porn like sceneries and - and the - the - the plot is not that - not that fit for - suitable for child or some child-mind adults.  So, I think yeah, but - but since you're adults I will recommend to you.
You - you must.
Um, in interpretation class, I have learned a skill to improve the speaking skill or interpretation skill.  It is called shadowing.  Usually, I just follow - I will - I will chose a video like YouTube Channels or YouTube videos, uh, in which the YouTubers speak English.  And whenever he or she speak one sentence, I will follow the sentence immediately.  So, uh, this kind of make me - um, make me improve, uh, efficiently my speaking skills.  And/or I can use, um, just like to, um, practice speaking English with some native - English native speaker for friends like, um, my classmates or like, um, my family or something like them - like that just grab - grab every chances to practice as much as I can.
If I need to choose one.  For me I really - I will prefer - I will prefer speaking because that - because speaking gives the first - usually speaking proficiency gives the first impression to some strangers or acquaintances like you first know or who first know you.  So, I think that will show your - kind of your first impression to others.  So, I think, um, speaking skills is really useful - more useful than other speaking skills because like in interview or in like job interviews or English presentations - uh, especially on your work that will help you to like a mold yourself into what you are like when you're speaking.  So, I think speaking skills are most important.
