
Yes.
Yes, I like to speak English.
Why?  Oh, uh, since, uh, in - I was in Paris school, my - my parents sent me to the, uh, English vocab, uh, group, and I - I just studying, uh, after that but and - and then I love it, um, by myself and don't have any reason.
Oh, this is for--- 
---over 10 years.
Six years, yeah, yes.
Around that age.
A week.  Uh, in the secondary school, I speak---
Now?  Actually, um, rarely.
A day?  Not---
A week, um, I think not just 1 hour in the week, but---
Yes, but, uh, because it - this now in - in my class we studied in - the lecture is in English, not just a sentence or something like that but the teacher speak in Thai.
Yes.  But - but we read English everyday but speak no - not---
Yes, seldom.
Yes.
Yeah.
Uh, about English, then, um, so, I want to talk, uh, English in the daily life, just, uh, want to make a conversation with all friends or something like that, but, yeah.
Any special topic?
Uh, um, something that people like and---
---and don't like and exchange thing together.
Yes.
Um, uh, uh, sometimes I speak with my foreigners, uh, friends and then, uh, just to, uh, improve myself, uh, because I didn't use it every day, right?  So, I want to speak with my friends in English sometime and, uh, then I have a chance anywhere my - in my faculty, uh, some exchange students from another country come too and then I - I will give my chance to, uh, um, bring them tutorial anywhere in Hat Yai or bring them to eat and then we eat together, and then yes, we speak in English.
Yes.
In person.
Which one, uh, I think I prefer, uh, one by one.
One to one conversation.
Um, sometimes, uh when we speak, uh, but one to one then we can exchange our, um, something like this is, uh--- .
Yes, my experience and then I can talk with them but - but when we speak in a group, uh, this mean, uh, uh, each one---
Yeah, fight to talk  .
Yes, and then we can speak, uh, just a little bit something like that.
Speaking.
Yes - uh, yeah, uh, speaking, if you can speak, so you can, uh, exchange things with, uh, anyone.  Uh, speaking, uh, then we go to ask someone a question, you - you just want to speak first.  But if you can't speak, you can write it after that but speak is the first thing that we - that is necessary for their life.
Yes.
