
Okay.
Um, not really.
Because I'm not very good at - I'm not very good at speaking English and I will have - use time to think what I want to say.
Um, almost zero.  Only if there - there are some English class in a few week so usually, um, three - three class.
Um, yes.
Um, my classmate in the English class and the teacher and TA.
Um, sometimes, um, interview or - or such as I have to interview my classmate or I have to have some presentation or drama and I will have to use English to speak and to act.
Um, just I say, uh, some interviews and---
Topics, um, for example my presentation is about the TRs or so something, uh, I experience   before, and the drama and topics - oh, in the class, we had the - uh, some topic about cinema or some - um, some first or the, um, or some - some English songs and some holiday events.
Um, not really I think so.
Because I think English is not very - very - I'm not of - uh, I'm not   often use English in my - in my life.
Yes, just as some exam or the - or the class.  So, yes, but some - sometimes I will write to - write to some foreigners who ask me how to go to where some stops and so I think it's really important to have some, uh, communication skills.
Um, I think it's do every effort to participate in the class, so I can practice my English speaking. 
You said like this and another---
Oh, group discussion.  I prefer group discussion.
Because between the classmate, I will feel more - I will feel more relaxed.
But - but sometimes we won't use English and speak, uh, little Chinese.
Um, I - first I think it's writing because in the senior high school we practiced writing a lot and - and teacher taught us a lot of grammar phrase but - but not in every occasion we just use writing.  So, I think speaking is really important because speaking usually is not include in the exam.
Yeah, so but just, as I say, I will - going to foreigner and we can just take out paper if we had and write - write down.  We want to say.  So, I think it's - it's pretty important to have speaking skills.
