
Yeah, sure.
I very pleased to speaking English.
Why do I like it?  Because I was planning into becoming a teacher and English is also an international language, so it's a obligation for us to learn it.
Almost 24 hours.
Almost everyday.
Uh, with colleagues and probably some students, of course.
In which situation?  In, uh, in class, outside of classes or perhaps at night when we are talking at phone.
Um, there is no specific topic because if you're talking about something specific, it might be boring and it's so quick to ended very well, so it's not a good idea.  I rather speak in random topic.
Um, I don't think so because I always get chance to speak in English, so I prefer to speak in other languages, perhaps like German or Japan.
Mm-hmm.  Depends on the situation and the person, if the person is new to me, we are going to talk about our interests, ours perhaps hobbies and in the future what - what you're going to do and is there any particular reasons on why do you want to learning English, but if you already know as a friend, a close friend, perhaps we're going to talk about, hey, what you're going - what are you going to do today.  You know, is there any interesting you're going to do?
Yeah like - like a daily talk.
Um, if I have time with no one there and I'm alone in my room, I usually say anything random as long as it makes sense to me.  Uh, if I feel that something wrong with my pronunciation, I'll immediately go to YouTube or hear other people, American or native speaker people say, um, like some particular words and learn it on how to pronounce it.
Uh, I already prefer one-by-one.
One-on-one.
Because one-on-one is more easier to make a decision.
And it's easier to - uh, it's not easier, tomorrow like we have a lot of spare time to talk about.  If you're in group situation, um, we have to wait one-by-one.
Because um, I mean as a - like as a teacher, we have to give a chance to every student to speak because this is the purpose of us to---
Yeah.
Uh, there are no important skill, because foreigner are important.  And - but if you're looking at in different situation, for example, in daily life, uh, I rather choose listening---
---and speaking.
Because, uh, if you can understand pe - what people are saying and if you want to go to other country, it will be easier for us to, you know, to get - get to the point of what other person is talking about.  And for listening, it's to make sure that the other person or your opponent is actually understand what you're saying and not just, uh, talking gibberish or babbling something in random.  Uh, if - for writing, it's more into - for work, writing and reading because we're going to write a lot of emails.  We're going to write a lot of proposals and it's very important compared to listening---
---and speaking.
