
Yeah, I---
Yeah, like I said. 
Right.  Actually the pay is very good.
Yeah a lot of things.
You know to setting with the, how to say, setting with the room, like wedding - wedding room here.  You know when a wedding, we have - you have to really - you have a lot of things to - to prepare so I was doing that.
Sometimes I was working like - working like do something like waiter.
Yeah I was - you mean?
I don't - I don't think so.
Because I think work is too hard here.
Everything were to - when sometimes you get tired.
In Japan, everything - everyone is crazy when you - when you have job do here and like some hotel, you have to - you know, one hotel you have - you have some restaurant over here like - like dinner time, lunch time, you know, while 2 hours to an hour.  It actually very, very busy.
You don't really have time to go to toilet.
Yeah.
Yeah I - actually, I want to take this - the job like what you say.
Home teacher.
Yeah, maybe I have changed my mind.
Cram school.
Yeah, if you - like home teacher, it's one - one-to-one. 
Right?  I don't see one-to-one like what I'm talking about, right?  There was something you, how to say, when you see a lot of people, when you teaching a lot of people, you have to see their real reaction here and you can, how to say, communicate with each other.
One-to-one that you - you can't see - the only thing you can teach, the only thing he can - he can listen, right?
Even his feedback and even he  feedback, that was only one person's opinion, right?  If you teaching a lot of students here, everyone's thing is different.
What - what their thought, what thinking about, what are you teaching here, that was - I think that was much interesting here.
Yeah, I think so.  I think so, perhaps it is decided to - it's up to, you know, what kind of - type of job it have - they are doing.
Actually, I was - yeah I was doing a part-time job in the hotel, right?  I don't think there was very, how to say, I don't think it's very good.
Right?  When you - I know how some Japanese citizens here who take time XXX  shop like - like XXX , right.
I don't think it's very good to students who take this time - time job - part-time job because the - the work is very simple.
The only thing you need is to standing  here and wait the time over.
Yeah, it's very, you know, how to say, a boring job.
All right?  I think the students should take part-time job.  You know, for example, you go to be a some, how to say, eh, I don't know exact in Japan how - I think, how to say, is very important to students to communicate with each other.
And have different challenges.  If you take the job is only for money, but sometime if the job is very simple, everyone if not in your age, only the 16 years old can do this job, that's - that's - that's a very - not a good job here.  I think so.