
Thank you, professor.
Yes, I am still doing part-time job.
Uh, okay.  I, uh - actually I am doing a part-time job on the local shop, a coffee shop.  Uh, uh, because I am a doctoral students, I need to do my papers and - and researches so I do this job only twice a week, only in the weekends.  So, it - it - I think not to interrupt my research or studies, so it's a good thing.  And on the other hand, I - uh - my prof - my professor is, uh, he knew English but not really good at speaking English so, uh, I am also thinking about improve my Japanese to communicate with him about my research and we can share good time to - for our, uh, research I mean, I think.
Yes, yes.
Yes.  Uh, uh, at first I - I prefer to do a home teacher thing, uh, but, uh, it's a pity that my Japanese is really bad.
So, I can't find XXX .
And about the local XXX  coffee shop, the people there is really friendly and, uh, the good thing is there are almost 10 people - 10 workers over there but almost half of them are foreigners---
---who speak English or Spanish, I think it's also a good way for us to communicate and making friends.  Umm, also the views over there is really good.
Most often then, uh, part-time job.
Uh, I think may - maybe home tu - home tutor maybe better for me.
Uh, for - for myself, I am - I am - I am not really, uh, um - uh, actually I am a little shy for talking things in the public.  And also I mean talking with a single person we can know each other better.  I prefer to do this kind - kind of communication.
Um, for myself I think it's a good thing.
Uh, as long as - uh, for example, the - some people - uh, some students really focusing on the part-time job because making monies, they will do seven times or six times a week.  I don't really like that.  Uh, I mean maybe - maybe three times a week is maximum, and yes I think and if - uh, as long as the part-time jobs do not interrupt the study and learning scores, uh, we - I think we should - we - we can have a chance to experiencing some part-time jobs.
Uh, hmm, I think - I think they should - they should try that. 
Because not - not - not for rich people I think or - ordinary people - students also need to have it as - because people as - young peoples today not really have a thought about the monies or how hard it is for our parents or - parents to making the monies, we nee - we know how to purchasing, how to spend money but we don't know how to make the monies.
I think it is a good chance.