
I - uh, because I am - because I am going to take - uh, take an exam in - in late - uh, in late 2 or 3 months, so I just took part in one job in Golden Week.
I worked in a barb - barbecue restaurant, and it is - it is in - in the mount - uh, in the mountains and just mainly opened to the tourists for foreigners and the native - native people.  And, um, my - my job - uh, uh, my job is, um, ordering - ordering the menu or leading - leading the, uh, guests to their positions and helping - helping the kitchen for the work.  These are two - three main works.
Uh, I - I would like to try the home tutor.
Uh, because this job is more freely I think and one to - one to one style is more sufficient for students to learn something I think.  And I - I have called - telephoned to some schools for tutoring but - but they don't need, uh, English - English speaking teachers.  They just want to - want some Japanese speaking, yes.
I - I agree with this opinion because, uh, the students in college - uh, most of them don't have this experience in a society, and after their university life and college life, they may, uh, quickly have to, uh, devote themselves in - into their jobs or other things.  And if they take some part-time jobs or some other jobs in their part-time - part-time, I think they can - uh, they can easily - uh, they can - they can easily take their job in the future or communicate with their colleagues.
Uh, uh, this - uh, this - this may exist, but I recommend the university students to take some part-time jobs to exercise for their life, and they can gain some interesting experience in their life because, uh, when - when people are young, they - they have this time and, uh, they - and they can enjoy some different life.  Because when - when you go to the job, you don't have these opportunities to taste - taste - taste their lives I think because I - I worked for about 1 year before, and really I - I was too busy and really didn't have time to have a tourist or some other things.