
Hmm, well, after I graduated from the high school, I worked for a short-term part time teaching the high school schedule.
Um, maybe, this, uh, particular job was, maybe, I think that's the only option---.
---after the graduation.  Because, uh, well in China, uh, many stores don't hire then, you know, like teenagers.  There is no much occupation in Japan like this.  And then my mother think that it could be well - well, make her happy if I go to, well, be a teacher.  Although, it is not a - seriously not a teaching job but help students to, well, you know to improve their grades in the biology---.
---the biology subject.
Umm, maybe a schoolteacher, I think, because in the school teacher you just, well, you see everyone on the same level maybe.
Yeah, hopefully.  Yeah, you can maybe start from the fundamental stuff.  Well, in language maybe some grammar or some verse and then you gradually climb to some steps about the articles or stuff.  And then if I go to some students' house and then one-to-one, like the, ah, although the pay must be better than the school teacher, I think, well, maybe it will be more difficult for you to, well, understand specifically every student's really, uh, their potential or real, and their real level about knowledge I think.
Um, maybe for some - um, there are - basically, there are two types of students: one of them maybe more prefer the economic rate of study in campus; the other one, well, going to the campus to get a degree and then they can, well, seeking for some more, um, company job.  Maybe, the first type I mentioned preferred go to the further study, Ph.D. Of course, for these two types of students, their options are diverse and then maybe for part time job or some kind of internship in Japan, they can get some experience and then for the - for the, well, exchange student, they can improve themselves in Japanese during their part time job or talking to the customer or clients.  Well, of course, for the academic style of student, they can, of course, like you say to choose a part time job in like a school teacher that they do not have to come - uh, speak too much or communicate to many customers and then they're slowly, well, communicate with their students.  And then, in some way, like I just said, it could ease our pressure doing the one day's tough work or kind of ease the financial pressure from the family side.