
Um, I have.
I did, very brief, a little bit though.
Um, the one job I did, I was actually working as sort of a garden - a grounds keeper.  So it was kind of physical labor and it wasn't - it wasn't really too complicated.  It was you know basically the side man. Basically I was carrying heavy equipment and planting pot - flowers and digging trenches and watering stuff.  And it's kind of like an apprentice.
Um, at the time I was looking for something that didn't require a lot of - how do I say - first of all, responsibility and long-term commitment.
Even like if I was a college student you mean?
Um, I would probably prefer to teach a home like a one-to-one at home.
The tutor scenario, one-to-one at home, um  
Probably because I think in that situation a lot of times generally you have a little more flexibility.  Lot of the cram schools, they can be very rigid and sometimes the students don't actually want to go.  So that can be really, really - I mean the experience might be more pleasurable when you have someone that is saying, "Hey, please come here" instead of other situation where it may be "Please go there" from the parents point of view.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, I do agree that it is important because like I said, it can be my attempt to convince you.  I kind of do think it is important to get kind of some real world experience.  I think nowadays more and more I think you know employers are - one of the things that employers are looking for is someone that actually has real world skill in the particular job that they are trying to fill, especially when it comes to the realm of, you know, software development.  I see posts all the time from big companies and they are not asking about what - the post is shortened to the point.  Can you program in this language, this language, this language.  That's all they ask.  And if you say, "Yes, I can" they don't care if you - they don't care at all.  You can do it in a certain amount of time and it's done well, they are like "Hey, come on down."