
Uh, yes.
No.
Uh, sure.
Uh, so, I had this part-time job, uh, during the summer holiday, and well first summer holiday is a really long holiday, so I decided to spend some time working and earn some income.  Uh, even though, it's not a really - how to say, it's not really intensive, uh, work, but, uh, the whole process, I am able to learn more and experience more about, um, that particular field of, uh, job.  For example, I - I - I think did, uh - I actually worked for a engineering company where I actually got - uh, have myself in there and learn how to use software to draw, um, different, uh, floor plans and some technical drawings for them.
And the whole process, I am able to learn those skills and I realized that if I am really want to, um, developing this, uh - develop - develop my career in this particular aspect, these skills are really important and, uh, as they are really useful, and engineers or maybe, um, desi - uh, architecture - architecture or designers are really into these drawings like they really rely on them.  And these who would - and these skills would actually give you, uh, advantages when you are, uh, job interview or like getting a job of these particular, uh, aspect jobs.
Uh, yes.  Simply because I want learn more, experience more and understand the - the actual industry itself because like, uh, as a normal student, like, uh, like you don't really get the chance or get a chance to be able to learn and have someone to guide you at the same time.  Like nowadays people, uh, learn software or learn different languages or different skills through, uh, Googling or YouTubing, learn - learn - learn those different stuff are from the Internet, but Internet like practical - uh, practical stuff like actually doing it, you really have to have yourself, uh, step into the actual, uh, case.
I think the private tutoring would be, um, easier compared to teaching a bunch of kids.   
Because - because teaching a bunch of kids you need more, uh - a lot more patience and you need to, uh, really cautious as, uh, at their, um, safety issue.  And you have to make sure they are really following what you are, uh, doing and telling them to.  But minimum, uh, for a private tutoring, uh, is usually comes in one-on-one, um.  And, you can respond to that, um, particular student like easily and, uh - compared to dealing a bunch of kids like for kids you have to make sure you have to talk - you have to try talk to them individually but then you have - you can't spend too much time on - in your - each individual one.  And yeah, that's my reason to that.
No - I don't think it's really necessary to have a part-time job, uh, for college students, um.  Because sometimes, uh, different students have different interest or some of them might be interested in handcrafting or gardening or reading or learning a new language like they may not be, um, having the time to do a part-time job.  So, it depends on ha, uh - how they would like to spend their time.  Because like after all, after you graduated you get a job anyway.  So, it's actually quite a decision like they should be able to plan their own time efficiently.
