
Okay.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, yes.  Actually, as you know I have just mentioned my part-time job is like tutoring students, actually I have two jobs related.  The first one is to, uh, like tutor, uh, secondary school student which she is now is in form 5 and second one is like it's just something like, uh, the homework class which is to guide a - a bunch of primary school students to do their homework.  If they have any questions, then I try to teach them and solve them.  And if not, then I just, uh, ask them to do as many homework as they can and to finish it on time.  Yeah, that's what I am currently doing.
Um, actually because - I think somehow because that I am currently studying English as my major so there - I think there is somehow an advantage because when I am applying for this job when, uh, my employer knows that I am like studying English they will feel more confident about it, so I guess that's why I am doing these jobs, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, actually I do prefer, uh, private tutor over, uh, like a tutor of a class or a group because actually it is pretty hard to handle like the cases of all different students because, uh, it's really hard to accommodate all their needs.  For example, when, uh, one students, uh, asks you to, uh, like asks you some questions regarding to their homework, when you are focusing on him or her and it is really hard to like, uh, just give some attention to other students.  So - but - but in this case some students maybe also easily be neglected because within a limited time it's really hard to let all the students be able to learn and be able to like that I cannot really solve their problem - all of their problems within, uh, limited time.  So, I think - however if it's one-to-one like I just need to, uh, focus on a students that, uh, he - his or her issue or his or her problems then I'd say it will be more easier to handle and he or she can really also learn something from me.
Yeah, I do agree actually because, uh, as also I have mentioned in the role play actually really a lot of things can be learned which you really can't learn at school.  For example, like your time management because when you're really focusing on your study then all you need to do is to really, uh, like attending different lessons and complete all the assignments then that's all, and when you have a break then you can go to rest or play.  However, if you have a part-time job that means there is another responsibility for you to fulfill and you really need to strike a balance between your work time and your study time and try to - try very best to, uh, balance them and do both like both area to - to do both of the area as well, yeah.  And, uh, also the thing that, uh, part-time job is some - is a chance for you to experience different field because when you finish your study and you come to work, like most likely you - most likely you are confined to a field.  For example, when you decide to do, uh, like do a job which is about like in - for example, like, uh, working in a business firm then most likely you will like - you will be doing something related to this all you may like - all the - the possible change may just be like you swif - switch from business firm A to business firm B, but the thing you are doing is the same.  However, I think part-time jobs is really a chance for you to experience different kinds of things.  For example, you can be a sales, you can be a tutor, like you can have - gain the experience of different fields and this is the only chance for you to have such an experience, yeah, that's why I do think that part-time jobs XXX  .
