
Yes.
And I - I don't really find it is my friend knows the son of the boss, so he introduced me to them and they arranged an interview for me but the interview last for only, I think, 3 minutes so they said okay, okay, and you can come to work, uh, very nice of you, then I start to work, uh, the next week I attended interview.  So, my job duties I am into prepare the audit working paper to analyze the financial statements, the kinds provided to us, so I have to base on this to provide an audit report, and even compute proper tax for them and draft a, uh, signing paper, uh, some written representation that we have to ask them in conference something so the responsibility shift to them, so not us, so this is how my job looks like.
I think hmm, I don't really enjoy because it is somehow very boring because the steps are almost the same but sometimes I hate to use the computer because it gave me a - it gives me headache so.  But one thing good thing in this part-time job is that colleagues are very nice, they answer every question that I ask and even provide me the information, they clean it out and hand it to me so I can read the information about myself and they - well with the explanation so.
Uh, I did, uh, work as a part - private tutor before.
Uh, I teach I think I - I taught primary one and primary four students, they are brothers so after the big brother's, uh, finished his, uh, how to say - his tutorial lesson so the little one came up, but one thing I don't like primary student is that they are very naughty, they barely listen to your words and you have to give a lot of time and be patient with them so.  But sometimes they make me laugh because I think sometimes it is very happily to be with them to sharing the stream of things and something like that, yes.
I think, yes, because it is a very precious experience to us, if - it is also a - an opportunity for us to know more about the job that we want to do, so if I - if I didn't work in this local firm, I wouldn't know that the - the auditor work, so people always come and aud - auditor work, they think auditor is very, uh, very attractive job I think for the accounting student but for me it is somehow boring.  If I didn't work in it, I wouldn't know that procedures are very dull and boring yes.
