
Sure.
Yes.
Yes.
Instead of part-time job I was a - it is like a freelance.
Because, um, but I have been working for this company for over 4 years, it is, uh, marketing research company.  It may, uh - I don't know if you have ever heard about the mysterious shopper, mysterious shopper is a kind of job that some company will---
Yes.
Yes.  And then, um, I - I do - I do most of the administrative work for this company and I put in data and also the, um, the result of other shoppers and put them all into an Excel and calculate everything, the marks and also everything to customers and our clients so, uh, this is actually, um, I don't have a very regular time for my part-time job, so I would say it's a freelance job because I can also homework.
Oh, actually, it's a referral job.
Yes.
Uh-hmm.
I would do the private one.   
Private home tutor one.  I am actually also a private home tutor now--- 
---for one to two students.  It's - it's a more - it's a more satisfying job than the small group one, I would say.  Um, I've done both of them and I now choose the, uh, private one because I have more time to put an eye on every problems of my students and also my students would also, uh, have more confidence to be taught by me because he knows - he or she knows everything or the way how I teach him or her, so it will be a more, it can - I can teach in a more detailed way and he can - he or she can also absorb in the faster or better way.
Strongly agree.
I have met some friends that they really have no working experience even after - after they graduate from college.  They - they are like - their mind are so immatured and they - they have a very big problem is that they cannot, um, manage their money, their financial skills are really, really bad because they have never - have income or I will say they - they have no concept on the in - balancing their income and also their spendings.  And this is why I think part-time job is very useful to a college student is that they have to have the concept in the mind so that later if they really have a full-time job, they won't like spend all of them at once after the bill day or the - the pay day and they will have saving at least.
