
Uh, I will say yes.
Because those part-time is different as the, uh, normal one because my part-time is like a salesperson.  You don't need to work regularly.  You don't need to, uh, stay in the office, while you just need, uh - you just need to go to the headquarter when you need to purchase some product for - for your clients, and my job comp - my company work - uh, the company that I am working is called USANA.  It's a, uh, American health product company.  Um, normally I will spend less than five hours for my part-time - for this part-time job, uh - uh, sometimes I don't need to spend any time because when I didn't receive any order from my clients then I just - no need to work and yeah.
Uh, there is two main reasons.  The first one is, uh, it is so flexible because compared to the normal one I need to spend like from eight to six, like I need to spend a whole day in the office, uh, while this job can provide me a variety of chance.  I can work it, uh, eh no - I can work in the office or work it at home or even I can work it in the library so it give me a lot of, uh, flexibility.  Uh, still of course I need to finish the task.  And the second one is - second one is, uh, I believe that the global trend is much more focusing on the health.  Uh, apart from earning the commissions I also, uh, buy a lots of health product to my family because I think being - staying healthy is much more, uh, important than you earn a lot of money, uh, because there is a lot of people, they are wealthy, uh, but they don't have a good body and they get sick easily.  So, I think, uh, we need to balance between, uh, wealthy and healthy, so I choose this, uh, company because I trust their mission.
Yeah.
Uh, I will try to work in the public school because I like to work with, uh, a lot of people like in the - in the public school there will a lot of coworker instead of if you go to the, uh, private class, maybe you are just a teacher and one is the coordinator or your boss.  Uh, so I like - I am a extro - extrodry - extrovertal   people.  I like to talk with, uh, strangers and be friend with them.  And the second one is I believe that, uh, influence people is more important than just educate them, uh, with a group of students then I can, uh, teach them and educate them, uh, in a shorter time, but in the personal tutorial classes just like one-to-one you are only teaching one student, while it is not efficiency enough, so I think working and teaching are a bit - uh, number of people is much more efficient and happier for me.
Uh, I think having a part-time job is not necessary but should not be, uh - should not be banneded   - I mean should not be restricted.  Uh, because having a part-time job can help teenagers or students to earn extra pocket money and they can well spend this money on like buying their clothes or having their further study like they can, uh, apply the IELTS class or they - if they like playing sport, they can use those money to play sport or, yeah, like chill with their friends.  Uh, but they need to set a balance between working and studying because if you spend too much time on either study or, uh, working - on studying or working, then you will lost your balance.  Then you will, uh, fully put your time on one side then you ignore another side.  So, I think having a good time management, uh, can help you to, uh, yeah, enjoy both your studying and working.  So, I don't think it need to be banneded  .
And abandoned.
