
Uh-hmm.
Yes.
Actually, I have a field, eh, job and--- 
---I am - actually I am, uh, at Ocean Park in Halloween, so, um, eh, this is for doing the - in the girls' house, eh, and - and maybe you walk - walk in the Ocean Park, you can see many, uh, people across, eh, in the street, uh, and to scare people.  Actually I do - do this in my last few - last - last few year in, uh, two - twenty - in 2014 years, I did it before and I - eh, in each Halloween, I then do work from, uh, Ocean Park.
Yes.
Oh.
It is really funny thing, eh, I think because we need to, uh, work with many people, eh, and it can have a really good friendship out of - actually I think, uh, out of the school it's really hard to make friend with others.  So, eh, if you do, eh, this job, you can really make many friend and, eh, ma - many friend and they also like to perform and they - they are really funny person you can met.  So, I think it's like good way to, eh - how we - to meet more people, make friends with more people.
Uh-hmm.
I prefer teach - actually I tried before.  I teach a kid in Kanto, uh, Chinese, uh, in one-on-one.  She - he - he is a private school student, eh, I teach her - actually I just teach her, uh, homework and he - he need to accept I help - uh, he to with the, uh, Chinese book only.  And I think it's really - really good experience to me because, eh, he can - I think it's help - it can help people to learn what he need to know.  So I think it's good.
Sorry - pardon?
Oh, I really agree for that.
Because - because I think, eh, when you work you need to, eh, - you need to have a teamwork with other and - and you need to - uh, you need to know what your boss want you to do and this is cannot, eh, learn in school.  Uh, but we study in school in the, eh, we graduation we want to find a job.  So we - in school we need to prepare how to work with our boss and how can we, eh, work with other is really important thing.  Uh, because in school you also you work with your teammate only, your teammate, you can argue or something else, but for your boss it's different, and if you have different, uh, idea or your - you have different comment on, uh, on the same thing you cannot - you cannot just talk with your bo   I don't agree with that.  So it is - but you need to, eh, in our - in part-time job, it's learning how to talk with your boss, uh, this is a chance - chance to try, uh, how you become perfect - perfect employee, uh, if you are after your study.  I think it's important, I think---  
---for the future.
