
Hmm.
Yes, I have.
Um, I XXX   from - little bit long - for a bit long time because I am focusing - I wanted to - for - be focused on my study because, um, I think seeking a better job is difficult, so I wanted to improve myself by studying in university, uh, gain a lot of, uh - more knowledge XXX   job experience, uh, that I can gain in university to, uh, have a better future to create my own career path.
Oh my last time - part-time job is obviously is tut - working as a tutor--- 
---in a small tutorial school, uh, because that place is very, uh, close to where I living.
So, and when I was a teenager in that place - that place, uh, I focused on teaching secondary, one to three students and sometimes helping students and XXX   for at a lower grade, uh, uh, specifically, uh, they are primaries five to six students.  And my main job is to - to practice, uh, my proficiency and helping them, uh, language problems because I am focusing on - I was focusing on teaching them English, uh, and they always find difficulties in learning the second language because their mother tongue is Cantonese.
So, I will, uh, instruct them to do to practice English in the more effective way by, uh, more detailed discussions of grammar items, uh, printing some exercises from English to them and to making my own notes to, uh - to let them have a better understanding of English.
Um, I think teaching as a private tutor is better, even though, uh, teaching a group of students like the tutorial school's tutor is, uh, will help you better have a good communication skills, uh, I mean the level of communication skills and, uh, have a - that - have a more experience of good discussions than you will what helped you, uh, may be studying in handling with projects, assignments, uh, in group, uh - by group.  Um, but you will find, uh, as far as I am concerned, doing as a - working as a private tutor can earn more monies for the far most because you will find that when you are focused on teaching one single student, uh, you need to handle a lot of things, the whole things, uh, what you are teaching, uh, towards him or her.  Uh, that's - and you - uh, actually under, uh, more focused family pressure because, uh, families, uh, parents of that student, uh, uh, would give more instructions what sometimes or somewhat regulates you a little bit more, uh, than being a tutorial school tutor.  So, even though it is difficult to do so, I would still prefer doing - working as a private tutor.
Uh, I think whether - before I actually agree or disagree, uh, I think, um, most importantly if you talk about, uh - if you ask me, I would say that it is not a necess - necessarily for college students to work - to have a part-time job because this is their right to choose - to choose what they want to be and the - working as a part-time job is an additional chance of experiencing more, uh, in their daily lives because in the future after they graduate from universities they have to do the same thing in, uh - but in different companies, maybe different businesses and different ways, different aspects or even different countries.  Even though they are too experienced that, uh, I think it is the time - time management between both.  It is not actually something necessary but if you work as a part-time job, um, you will find some, uh, more interesting when getting along with others especially the adults as - because what you always encounter or what people you always encounter is - is, uh, peers, uh, peers that you can easily communicate with them but you have to - one thing you have to be careful is that when you get along with someone that, uh, older than you, they are more experienced than you, and you - you should be carefully speaking, you should be carefully handling with your own works, your own tasks, uh, especially when you work as a part-time jobs.  But it is not necessary, uh, again.
