
Yup.  I have, three - three part-time job---
XXX  .
No, I am not study - I am not still working in my part-time, I used to be working in my ear - may - in my early September to October.
Um, I working at, uh, publishing company and I - you - I cooperate with - I cor - you - I have cooperation with my team to sec - to be a assistant for checking some information of a book or something that it may run or it may wait and to assist her - and try to have a - to getting more information for the book and to coop - mainly is cooperate with my teammates to helping to publishing a book, um.
Um, because I have finished my internship in the same company and the editor encouraged that our - encouraged us to be participation - to be with - participation in the company to helping them for that book and that is a software of time so that I can display in it and to continue working with my editor.
Yup.
Um, I really prefer that teaching in a class.
Yup.   
Because I have a teaching experience that one-to-one teaching, but it is - uh, because I am no patient to wait the - the need to be able to do or hold the assignment or exercise that I assign to her and when teaching at class I may have different contrary to different student that I am not only focus on one and this really make me help, eh, to achieve a sense of success or it may helping more people from - and gaining more experience in my teaching.
Umm, for college student, um, I partly agree with this because I am not - understand that some family may have financial situat - difficult financial situation that encourage their children to go work more - go to work and working for their and enhancing for - and for enhancing their working experience that may helpful to their future life and future career because now there's many company has said that you may have one year to - two year working experience before applying that - that dream job.  And the reason why I said partly agree because when as you - as previously mentioned part-time job will - may affect the time of studying and it is difficult to manage because when the peak, uh - peak time or peak hours of the restli, uh - peak time or hour in a restaurant that like 11 to 12 XXX   the college may offer a lots of lesson for you to study or a lot of working - a lot of workload for you, so that it cannot be managed.  And it cannot do - really do to satisfies their needs of graduate requirements, so - however if the student can manage throughout, it is no problem to do a part-time job because the time management is well done for the student that he - that she or he can do - can - can do two things together.  So, I said is partly agree with that, the univ - university students should do a part-time job.
