Yeah.
Yes, currently I have.
Hmm, I am now working for a part-time sales like in the --- in Gap, the one selling for clothings, and because it was my first time on like doing a part-time job on about sales.  And I have learnt a lot and they always told me that the customer service is the most important so they always encourage us to talk more, communicate more with the customers and ask for their needs also, yeah.  And because I am working in like Cross Way Bay so I, uh, each --- every time when I am working I will face lots of different customers like some are from China, some are from Japan, or some --- mostly some of them are from XXX   countries so I often speak English with them also.
Hmm, because I think doing sales you could have much more chance to communicate with others and you could have chances to know what they needs and what --- what they wanted to be served at that moment.  So – and because nowadays most --- most of the part-time jobs are about sales, and it would be a chance for me to know about how – uh, how to work at a – as a sales and how to serve your customers and won't let them feel uncomfortabled and you could also stick to their needs and provide what they wants.
Um, I now would like to teaching like a group of kids--- 
--- in a tutorial classes because in that case because for one-on-one the kid might feel uncomfortable and easy to out of focus and they would – they will really like refuse to have your lesson again, because they might think it was very --- it was a very hard time because only for like an hour only a teacher and himself and then he might feels – he might think that why --- why do I have to continue to have a hard studying time after a whole school day, and they might feel boring also.  But for a group and then they --- they could also talk to each other but at the same time they have to also like submitting their work to me, and I will just like talk to them, how this could not – why – why this answer wasn't acceptable and they could also compare with their friends together and to make a better answer.  So, I think for teaching a group of kids will be much more suitable.
Hmm, the importancy for it, um, I think it's important also because if you only focus on --- focusing on your study in the college, you might not know what is happening outside and you could not know how will --- how will you work after your --- you graduate.  So, if --- for having a part-time job it is --- it like to have your --- to make you have a chance to know how could you work more well with your partners in the future and you would know how does the people think nowadays while they are working and what do they want for this very new XXX.
