
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Uh. I am working at the part-time job at the uh cram school for junior high school students and high school students, because --- the uh the reason why I'm doing that is --- is the cram school I went when I was a high school student, a junior high school student, yeah, I --- and I wanted to work there uh when I was a --- when I was going there. So, I decided --- I --- I had already decided to work there after I entered the college.
 So, I offered to working   there soon after I entered this college.
 Uh.
 The cram school teacher you mean is a --- I guess there are a lot of students.
 Uh. Umm. Then, I want to teach at house for students.
 Because I can uh teach the students much better, a bit more specific to the student.
 If I had a lot of students, I cannot uh study --- I cannot teach. Uh. Umm. I should teach the basical   and the standard level of the students.
 So, if I'm teaching to the one student, I can teach the level of the student and I can ask him what is the point that uh he can understand and I can uh teach specifically. So, I think it's better for me and for the student to be --- uh to teach one-to-one.  
 Yes.
 Uh. College student is most before the uh businesspersons.
 So, it's very important to practice and prepare for the life after I uh --- we graduate from the college.
 And so, to prepare and to uh practice, I think it is better for us to take part-time job.
 Sorry? One more time.  
 Uh. Umm. It does.  
 Uh. Maybe, it depends on the person.
 If the person who doesn't have --- uh --- who haven't ever worked   part-time job, he --- instead of work --- working part-time job, he studied hard or he stu --- uh --- he was doing some other ex --- experiences or activities, then I think he is very --- umm --- I think he is uh experienced the other thing from --- umm from the uh part-time job and it is good. But if the person uh doesn't do anything, his study is not good like the other activities or --- then, he doesn't have any experiences.
 I think I want to say him --- I want to him to --- umm --- I want to say to him that he should work at part-time job.  
