
 Um-hmm.
 Yes, I just started like 3 days ago. Yeah.
 Yes. Yeah.
 Umm. I started working at Uniqlo and basically I started like 3 days ago, so I did nothing, like 3 days ago I just watched some --- I mean I just watched some like movie things and then learn about what I have to do and how to deal with the customers --- that kind of thing.
 So, I did nothing.
 Oh, you mean Uniqlo?
 Umm. Because umm it was --- Uniqlo was close to my house, so huh --- so you know it --- it takes a long time to go to, you know, that company that --- umm um that is not --- umm you know clo --- clo --- closer is better, right?
 So, that's why I chose that job and also Uniqlo pays --- pays the highest.
 Uh. Yes, because I --- I --- first of all I was thinking about to work at Sumiyoshi and then I, yeah, I looked for a jobs in Sumiyoshi and in Uniqlo was the highest, so that's why I chose Uniqlo, yes.
 Oh, yes.
 Yes.
 Umm. Maybe cram school teacher.
 Because I can choose the places that I want to work at because for the home teachers I know that it costs me uh --- it pays a lot for me but we have to go to, you know, a particular house and then if it takes a long time to go there, you know, even though it pays a lot, you know, it's kind of a waste of money and then  
 Umm. Yes, I think so because in the train we --- you know we can do like few things, yes.
 Umm. Maybe English or Math I think.
 Umm. Junior high school student.
 Umm. Because umm for junior high school student it's not that, you know, difficult, so I don't need like special skills, so I think it's, you know, like basic things.
 So, it's going to be easy for me to teach that, yeah.
 Um-hmm.
 Yes umm yes, I think we --- we should have part-time job at least one during the university student because like after we graduate from the university we have to work at a company but, you know, there is --- there is a --- uh there must be a lot of things that we don't know, so like we should learn about that when before we graduate universe --- from university and also before we get in the company --- before we get actual jobs, so you know like --- like as I told you before like how to communicate with the customers is also important things like communication skills and umm also like social manner things, so yes, at least one we should get a part-time job.
 Yes.