
Yes.
Yes I have worked.
Uh, I worked as a part-time that do presentation and - and at a company.  So I do like XXX   for the company.
Well I choose that because, uh, as a teenager by that time there are age restriction to work at a bigger company.  So for me when my uncle that offering their job for me I see that as a good experience for me, so to work at a big company, an international company, so for me it's a lifetime opportunity since I am going to, uh, go to further my study in university for me.  So if I was offered that job so I can learn how to manage my time, how to do stuff by my own, so it's a good experience for me.
For now no.
Yes.
Because, uh, for me I would like to focus more on my studies right now because, uh, since universities not for all, is for all but there are much more people out there that doesn't get the opportunity to learn in the university.  So for me as a student that has been offered so it's an -- it's an honor for me, so I would like to strive more and give my best.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
If I were -- I was to pick -- I would like to pick to, uh, teach in school.
For me, uh, basically, uh, teaching in school is for me much more fun because since you going to meet this several types of pupil that they are sometimes are lazy and there sometimes are good so for me it's -- it's a challenging task for me to urge this type of pupil to study more and study hard.  So it's a good experience for me because since -- when I was in, uh, forms, uh, from five I was, uh, elected as a mentor in my class.  So, uh, it was the task for me to make sure that my classmate, uh, be more successful as me -- be more as successful as me.
So, uh, during those periods of time I learn how to teach this type of student that are too lazy to do some exercise.  And so for me it's a challenging part but if you manage to see their success and that improvement, it is a very very honorable thing to do.
I would like to disagree.
Uh, because, uh, for me to have a part-time job while you are studying is quite distracting because it will take your energy of course, because life in university is quite tiring because of you have class after class, and then you have homework, you have assignments.  So if you have a part-time job sometimes you cannot manage your time and you cannot focus on those certain stuff.  So when you are distracted, you become stressed, you become -- you become neglected by the lecturer.  So for me it's a -- it's not a priority for, uh, university student to have a part-time job.
