
Uh, I have worked part-time before XXX .
I can't consider it as a part-time job, but I talk some student in languages.
XXX , okay.
Um, because I'm planning to be a teacher, so I'm teaching other people English, but I also not just English, but also in Indonesian, so I just taught them some daily life conversations or perhaps how to read some news, how to understand the news.
Um, there is not like any particular reason, but I just like it.  I just like to have other people to understand that what they don't know because I want to have - have a larger or wider knowledge because of it.
Mm-hmm.
A home tutor.
Um, I prefer home tutor.
Because home tutor is, you know, mostly, it's one-on-one---
And it's not a group discussion, but in cram school, perhaps there is going to be like three student or four student, I mean I'm not having against because there is a lot of student, it's just that it might be a lot of hard to organize them---
---because from 4 students, perhaps that 1 or 2 students couldn't understand completely and it's going to make me headache.
So I have to keep rehearsing, rehearsing and rehearsing and the other student be - becoming, you know, getting bore and bore because of it.  
It's not just from college student, but I think from - starting from high school, it's a better way to start having a part-time job---
---because nowadays business of always ask us, do you have any work experience for at least 5 years - 4, 5 years like this and some student might think, "Oh, I just start my - this is my first time of working there.  
And a lot of business they say, oh, sorry, only accept for those already 4 or 5 years and if student or especially for college students in the start probably, for example, in junior year, then they - they don't have a lot of time.  But in the end in the senior year, they just cut it because they have to - they have a lot of project---
---that it's not a very good idea.  But if we start from high school, then it's going to be, uh, a better idea because we have a lot of time with high school---
---we also have same like college.  You have - also have to study as well.
And but if you already work in the high school, then starting in college, you don't really have to worry about having the work experience because you already have it.
Um, some country they are very busy---
---but in some country they are maybe, you know---
---there is a lot of time to spare.
