
Yes, I used to work a lot of part-time before I go - go into university.
Is - I don't know if it's called as a part-time job, because now I actually, uh, have - it's like a - a freelancer's job.  I can mean - uh, I can tell the customer that I want to work this time or I want to cancel, uh, I don't or I doesn't want to work this time.
Uh, it's called - it doesn't have - actually have a name, but we call it, uh - uh, as a free - as a freelance jobs, it's like I - I - I was - actually I was drawing a lot and there are some people that they like my art or something like that, so they paid for me to draw - to draw something for them.  And I think it's kind of very interesting job, so I was open, uh, commissioners on the Internet and asked if anyone want to hire me to draw something, and there is a XXX   come and hire me for that.
Because as I - as I used to say that, uh, I can choose my own time.  Uh, the customer have a lot of respect for me.  They have given me time.  They - they could wait for my work, and - uh, actually, I have extra money for myself.  And I - you know, when I - in the university, you have to pay a lot for - uh, for the textbooks or something like that.  And I just - I just doesn't want to ask for my parent to give me, uh, lot of monies because I don't want to, you know, make them to be more tired than they already are - already was.  And that's why I choose this job to be one of my jobs.
I actually prefer the one that teach, uh, at a school or the university, because personally, I don't think if you go to the - uh, your student homes, I don't think it will be fair because, you know, they - there are a lot of the kids that, uh, not that nice anymore.  And it is kind of to save myself too, if anything happen in your student's house, maybe their parent will go and blame, uh - blame us.  And to save anything from that, I think, uh, working outside is a better choice.
I actually kind of have, uh, not - I think it is - I think I have to disagree with that one, because it's depend on people.  If you already have, you know, I already feel - if your parents doesn't, you know - doesn't already have a lot of monies and kind of have enough supportive things for yourself, you don't have to do a part-time job.  That is okay.  Uh, but - but for the people who - the parents doesn't have a - the ability to support their kid, I think this kind of kids, you want to have the - to have the equal educations with other people, it's very necessary for them to do a part-time jobs.  And I kind of understand that because I have a lot of friend that doesn't have that, you know, supportive family too.
