
Um, yes in summer.
Uh, because summer is quite hot in US and then I think swimming can be quite relaxing in the cold water - in the cool water.  And then, of course, I can do some sports.
Um, yes.  Well, basically, every summer, my family will like organize a trip together to go - go - go to a sea bay.
And then - and then seeks for some chances for swimming in the sea.  So, we lived beside sea in the Southern part of China.  Well, um, that's the most important - this is the most important memory of my, ah, because it reminds me of every - every happy hours, well, playing with my - with my parent - parents and my brothers and of course my nephews.  Well, we maybe carry our water guard and swim with each other and it's quite - it's quite funny.
Then happy hours I think.
Yes.
Yes, I have a laptop.
I am sorry?
Oh, Windows.
Um, because I have been using Windows like - like tens - tens of years and then I not getting very used to the Mac system.  Yeah, the Windows are quite, you know, easier to control, for me.
Well, for the Windows machine, I could easily recognize where I stored everything, maybe because of the habit of the storage and then - then I can - I can put everything on the desktop.  Well, in Mac, well, it is more like a iPhone or some iPad when you are operating it.  Um, and of course, the Mac, well, it's quite expensive---.
---to XXX , yeah, the, uh, uh - the - the Apple company.
Businessmen saying that is a bad trend.
Ah, well, maybe they got some statistics, I don't know.  Well, um, for me, within the campus I saw every day, well, every student use a laptop to, uh, maybe to write their papers because nobody prefers to writing pads for thousands of words and then - and then for quite - if you want to enjoy a video game, it's quite necessary to play it on the laptop rather than on the cellphone.  For me, I play the - uh, play the soccer game XXX  Soccer on the computer rather than on the - on the cellphone because in the screen is too - too small for me to enjoy the game.