
Yes.
Yes.
Uh-huh, swimming, first of all it - sometime swim yourself - saves my life.
Yes.  Because my - my hometown - I am Chinese, I come for - I also come from a seaside hometown, so, um, if we can swim, sometimes, uh, XXX  or accidents happen we can save - save our lives. 
Yeah.
Yes.
Uh, hmm, I remember may - maybe the most impressive experience for swimming is - was - was I studied in Edinburgh and we, uh - me and my friends, uh, enjoyed very good time swimming the sea over there because the water is re - really clean and the environment, the site is really well.  So, I think may - maybe that's the best of swimming thing I have ever experienced.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
It's a Windows machine.
Uh, actually 1 years ago I got a Mac, MacBook Air, uh, from 2013 to last year, but after then the Surface Book was released and, uh, it has a very good character because we can use the Surface Pen to XXX  because my English - my Japanese is not really good so I need to do some note, uh, well I do in the XXX  so I got the Surface Book.
Uh, for me I think, uh, it's the ecosystems for Mac OS and Windows 10.  Uh, as Window  jobs do a really good job on the building up a, uh, close or sealed ecosystem for the Macs.  And early apps are well rounded from the MacBook, it's really smooth.  Uh - but, uh, Windows 10 is a open source, uh, system, uh, but, uh - of course they have more functions but sometimes it's really not stable. I think maybe that's the main thing I care about each of these two things.
Uh, um, I - I - I - I think - I think mobile phone is a - is a of course a trend, uh, and especially during this last years, uh, so Smartphones are also experiencing very big changes, for example, 5G or there's the flatted, uh, phones, device or some on-screen, no bezel screens and but I - I think Smartphone is - it's more like a, uh, how to say, play - playing, uh, gadget, not - not - not a, uh, creativity thing.  And I - I think maybe computers are - are bigger or more efficient, uh, buildings for - uh, for presenting our source, I think.
Uh, um, I think, maybe the best way is to make the computers more stable and more functional, a - just like we have a - uh, discussed MacBook has a very good ecosystems but not really much functions we can figure out.  So, if we - if somebody or some companies can combine the very good stable ecosystems and then, uh---
Yes, so if we can combine together like a Sony, uh, XXX  do I think maybe people will like the PC back, not the Smartphone.