
Uh, I am so sorry that I - I can't swim.
Uh, because I - uh, when I was in the university, my university was near sea, uh, in China so, um, I - I went to the seashore for about, uh, twice a week with my classmates and, uh, there - uh, there are a lot of foods and shops near the sea.  And, uh, uh, of course a lot of people swim in the sea in the summer and - uh, but in winter, the sea is very beautiful I think and we can see the seagulls and, uh, the boats - various type - kinds of boats in ocean.  And that's a very - very memorable.
Uh, so sorry---
Yes, I have.
Uh, Windows.
Uh, because - uh, maybe because the system.  The Windows system is more, uh, suitable for academic use - usage.  And - and I - I bought - uh, I bought an iPad for about 4 years ago, but it's broke down before I went - went here, so I - I really don't want to buy any Apple - Apple things I - I think.
I think the Windows systems is, um, when - when people use for about 1 year or more, uh, the speed will slow down, and there - uh, there may be some other little bugs in the system.  But, uh, the, the - um, the Apple - uh, iOS system, um, is very - um, very fluent when - when you - when you use it, and the apps in the app store, uh, the - uh, they - they are more than those in the - uh, in - in Windows system I think yes.
Uh, uh, I think this - I think this is pretty cool, and, uh, for - for myself, I - I think using - using the telephone for - for long time is - is really bad for both health and for the life.  But, uh, in - in the classes, uh, bring, uh, computer is - uh, sometimes is - uh, is not suitable because there are a lot of people in the class or it is too heavy or other some reasons.  And I think, uh, for different occasions, we can use different - uh, different things for the same usage.
Uh, uh, I think - um, I think, uh, the - the college - the college or university can - uh, can hold some, uh, exams or certifications for using computer softwares, uh, because I got, um - uh, I got - I got a certification for using the - my - uh, the Microsoft sotwares in - in my country.  So, I think this is - this is more, um, uh, sufficient - sufficient way I think.