
Yes.
No.
I can't swim.
Yeah. Nev - and I have gone to a swimming pool sometimes.
But it's very hard for me.
I cannot breathe through during the swimming time.
Uh, yes.
Memory?  Okay.
I was about 7 years old when I go to the sea and then my brothers and sisters are along with me and we got on - go to the swim and that sea is - the water is very cold.
And - and it's not very clean.  It's a little bit dirty.
And then we go - go to - go for the swim.  Because I cannot swim, I just stay - sit in sea - sea side and watch they swim - watch them swim and then we finally catch some fishes.
Little fishes and go home.
Yeah.
Yes.
Windows machine.
Because Windows is not - is very popular among our - our students and Windows is the most usually common machine.
Mac - Mac - Mac is very - is very hard to - to operation.
Yes, I have used that one time. 
The operation - operation are - are different.
Windows machine - Windows machine, uh, because I always see - I - I always see no machine is Windows machine.  When I first see a Mac, it's very different and it's very thin and then it cannot be used to play some - or some games because such as COD, so I chose the Windows because all the - all the games Windows are supported.
Yes.
Because with the computer, you can fix the - fix most of the problems and you can text a well texted Word - Word file---
---and Excel file.  With the Smartphone, you cannot do this and then when you go - when you go outside, Smartphone is very convenient but - but with the smart - it's convenient means that it cannot last long.
My iPho - my iPhone can only last about 5 hours when I am playing - playing games and not - not always playing.
Just - just from time to time playing games.
Uh, but the computer can last much longer because with - because you cannot - you - you barely put a computer that - put just the computer with you.  You may put - put a lot of things and the computers can also charge your Smartphones.
Computers have - is more - has more - more convenient.
Just let them text - well text Word file.