
Yeah, that's all.
Okay.
Yeah, of course.
Uh, no, because I can't.
Yeah, of course, I learned a lot - uh, I learned but I actually not like it - not enjoying.
Yeah.
Uh, yes, of course.
Uh, it's a bad experience because I almost died.
Yes, that's why I do not want to, uh, swim because I have a half-year experience studying in, uh, Singapore as a exchange student, and once upon - uh, once have a time, I tried to, you know, we planned a vacation with my friends to go swimming in sea.  And I never done - I have never done that before, but our friend just, uh, told me it's - it's exciting and you have to try it, uh, it's really great.  So, I tried, but, uh, I forgot I can't - uh, I - I can just - uh, I learned a little bit swimming skills and, uh, once I jump on - jump into the sea, I forgot, I just can't breathe.  Uh, I just - I - I can only just swim, uh, but not breathe, so, uh, I tried to swim far away, and when I realized I just can't touch the ground.  And I just, uh, uh, you know, I - I - I can't remember the moment when I realized I can't breathe and I can't touch the ground.  Uh, the first reaction is what can I do to help myself to survive.  Uh, suddenly I - I just, uh, found, uh, you know, a string.  I - I don't know what to describe the - the object, but it's actually, you know, to distinct the - the - the - the - uh, how to say, to try to distinct the XXX  , how to say, uh, okay, is it, uh, whatever  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, different--- 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, right.  Uh, so, uh, whatever, the - there is a string, uh, the object help you to get out of the sea and I suddenly, you know, touched the object and - uh, there is just such a relief because I found the object, uh, because, uh, all of my friend didn't notice that I am - I - I can't breathe.  So, I just found the object and I, uh, just grabbed the object and help myself get out of the sea, and from that experience, uh, until now, I just - I - I didn't swim ever that experience.  I don't know, I express right, but that basically a bit horrible experience.  
They didn't notice.  They might, you know, uh, play the - at the other discord - other area, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
As I can - as I just said, I swim far away.  I don't know--- 
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes, of course.
It's a Windows machine.
Uh, honestly, I prefer Win - I prefer Microsoft, uh, than the - I - uh, Apple.
Mm, I haven't used Mac for a long time, but I tried - but I tried - tried to use my friend's computer which is iMac.  Uh, I would like to see   that it's not quite, uh, easy for me to use it.
Uh, I - I also think it's too high for students to apply - to afford.
Yeah, of course.
For me, I think, um, there is no such a strong difference to use, uh, Smartphone or computer.  If you can do your work or complete your work at your phone, you don't have to move, uh, bigger object like computer to complete it.