
Yeah, I don't like.
Yeah, I don't like.
Yeah - yeah actually I don't - I can't swim.
Yeah, I can't swim in my age.
Yeah I - yeah I - I go to sea before in China and in Japan.
You want me to introduce what?
Okay, I see, uh, about swimmers go - I go to the what - what's it called?  ... Swimmer, small beach, I go to here and I was with my - my best friend and I saw the - you know, I don't like sea.  I like beaches and I like to see.  I like the smell, you know, I like the fresh air and you know a lot of people and lying on the beach and enjoying the sunshine.  I like this.  I enjoy this.
Well, then this time and he have some maybe a bottle of beer, Coca Cola, whatever, you just enjoy the time.
Time is being slow - slow here.
Yeah, I have a computer.
Windows machine.
Yeah I like - you know, there was many people beside me and they - they use the iMac but I decided to use Windows.  Well, that's why - that's why and, you know, I used to that.
Yeah, I used to that, but Mac, yeah it's very good.
You know that XXX  iMac everybody like - everybody like Apple, alright, but I like Apple but I don't like iOS - OS here, Mac OS.  I don't like this because there was something, a software, like they don't match with the Windows. 
Yeah and trouble here.
Yeah I have.
Yeah, in, uh ... how to say, and - or to say here is, you know, 10 years ago maybe there was very different from the Mac OS and the Windows but in today, you can use maybe Office, how to say, Windows here in Mac, that was not - actually, that was not a very different - different from the Windows but I - but you know what? When you try to direct something like the movie here, you can only use the few software OS like I - like XXX  iMovie here but you - if you use Windows, you have many - so many variety use.
Yeah, I think there were Smartphone here, the Window  today actually in, uh, American who deri - decided to do - they use the iPhone here, the Android and that was very - Smartphone today, in 2008, there was very powerful, okay?  And you actually can use Smartphone here to - how to say, to - if they don't use computer, you only use the Smartphone, it's okay.
Its okay.  You only need is big screen.
Right?  You know, the Samsung who - who - they - they sell projects - I think that was in 2008 here.  If you use some blueteeth  here like - I don't - I don't know exactly, you can - you - you can connect with the - the big screen here and with keyboard, mouse, yeah, your phone, your Smartphone is actually is a computer.
Okay?  I don't know what you say about the college student don't use the computer here.  They - I don't - I don't what exactly for - for use the words - the office, what - what kind exactly they don't use computer, what kind of, how can you explain it?
Yeah, I don't think so, because if you use the Smartphone here, you - you already have the Office in your phone, right?  And having said that, if you use iPhone you can use the keynotes, the Word and, how to say what, I don't know that, yeah, yeah, it's something like the Word.  Yeah, actually can erect - can direct in your phone, all right, you can put it - you can put something in your phone.  You can, yeah, already do something.  You know, when I was in display in XXX  I was used my iPhone, you know, and you played with computer, you get every display on your phone.  Yeah, it was very convenient here but if you - if you say the Win - only the Office, yeah, the Smartphone is okay.
But if you used some Adobe, Photoshop, yeah the phone - the Smartphone is - it doesn't work.