
Yeah.
Yeah.
Umm, I - I think in the water I can go anywhere.
Yeah, so - uh, I - I feel free in the water.
Yeah.  Uh, I once went to the sea.  The - the first time I went to the sea and, uh, actually I didn't do enough prepare so the song is very, you know, delighted, so very strong.
And, eh, I - I feel a little, uh - a little hurted my skin, my eyes and when I - when I go into the water I feel very relaxed.
And I can't, um, when - when - when my head - when my head into the water, uh, I - I feel the song and any other things so noise or any other thing is far from me so I feel very good XXX . 
Yeah.
Yeah.
A Windows machine.
Uh, I had never used the---
Apple machine XXX  when I bought my first computer so I always use Windows machine, yeah, so.
The biggest different .  Um, there are many apps can't use the - in the Apple machines and so maybe your - some apps and they cannot use - they cannot used in the Apple machine, so I think is different.  Always there are some apps only can used in the Apple laptops but - and - and just not always use that app so I think the Windows machines is - is - is good for me.
Umm, I think Smartphones is very - uh, it's - it's very good, the size is little and you can take it for anywhere, so it's very convenient. But there are some jobs cannot be - cannot - can - cannot do in with Smartphone such as maybe you should write some articles is not convenient in a Smartphone so.  I think Smartphones can change - change our life.  It's very, very convenient.  The first time I - I come to Japan I used a Smartphone to check my - check the bus time or the railways time or the Line's, if - if I don't have the Smartphone and I just can't image how could I - how - how - how could I go to the school or the dormitorial . 
So Smartphones is really good, I think.
I - I think it is - you know, when students need to use the computer they will use the computer, but if - if Smartphones can do anything, they do not use - they do not need to use the computer, so maybe there are some - there are some - something they can do only on the computer.
Maybe their homework.
Or the XXX  lessons or something.