
I think so.
No, I don't.
I am actually - I am a little afraid of the water.  I've got a slight phobia.
I have and I did not enjoy that because of the phobia.
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah, that's a little uncomfortable. 
Well I - I mean I have - I have swim.  Would you like me to ask a question on swimming?  
Okay, well I - I do have some positive experiences.  However typically I don't enjoy them.  A positive experience I do have on swimming in the ocean is you know memories in the past of going to the beach with my family - you know, mother, father, grandparents.  And those were always really good experiences, not really connected to the ocean per se but the time, you know, spent with family and friends, you know, just enjoying being together and having fun.  That's kind of - I don't really connect it so much with being in the water but I connect it more with just being with family.
Yes.
I do, I have many.
Well, one of - all of my computers are Windows 10 computers.
Um, well, I - I very first started using computers on - in the Windows ecosystem.  That computer my father bought when I was 8.  And throughout the years of all the computers I've gotten comfortable using, they've all been Windows computers.  And I find that ecosystem more - for a person that has a lot of experience working with computers, I like the customer - the customizability and the flexibility and the control that it gives the user compared to a Macintosh computer which granted I am not as familiar with but with speaking with other people they kind of  
Yeah.
Again, speaking from a slight point of ignorance I don't have a deep knowledge of the Mac OS interface and user experience.  However, from what I've heard even from my father who has migrated towards that now, he does explain that it kind of does sort of gate off a lot of options to make the experience a lot more accessible to people that might not have the knowledge and experience.  I prefer the - I am - I am willing to make a few mistakes.
Yes.
I think - generally I think that is correct.  I think it is a bad trend.  However, I - I also believe at the same time that a lot of the - a lot of the things that in the past 10 years that require human effort to - to accomplish through actual, you know, knowledge of the systems um, the systems are becoming a lot more automated now.  So even though they are computer based, a lot of the features are actually kind of becoming smartphone in a sense everything kind of becoming one touch and go.  There's a lot of IZAKAYAS   I go to, and I am sure you have as well where it's a - it's just a touch tablet many of the - everything is on a screen and I think - I think the software designers and developers are kind of trying to accommodate the generation that grew up with an iPhone.  So I think it's generally better to have that computer knowledge because I think it's going to just help you in the long run.
Like how to  
...to use them more you mean.
That's really tricky.  I guess the best hurdle is approachability.  Um, I think starting - I think if - if people had a more fundamental grasp of the basics of just using a computer from a younger age, I think that would make it not so intimidating to use it when they are at a college level.  In the same way that when we teach English and, you know, to younger kids now, like I have taught elementary school students, if it's the first time they have seen English when they are in university, they are going to be a lot more intimidated than if it's the thing they saw when - when it's kind of second nature.  So I think it's kind of catching it early.  But making - anytime making it relevant and making it approachable is I think that's always going to be the best way.  If it's going to scare someone, it's never good.