
Not really, no.
Number one, I can't swim.  Number two, I just have a fear of, just like, my feet touching things in the water and just I don't know what that is and yeah.
Positive?  No.  It's just - it's just very scary, umm, concept to me.  Just like an open space, it's just  .
Yeah.
I do.
It's a - it's a very old laptop.  It runs Windows 7.
I have this specific machine because my dad gave it to me.
Like, he used it for like a year, a couple of years, and he got a new one and then I asked, oh, if you're not using it, then can I have it, and he gave it to me.  And then, it's - it's a really good machine.  It has a lot of memory in it, so I brought it with me here in Japan and that's mainly what I use to, you know, for schoolwork and for talking to them through Skype.
A difference?
Hmm, I guess for - for Mac, it's - it's very user-friendly.  Like, you can - you can make commands with just the touchpad with four fingers up and then you - you know all the window panes that are open will be right there.  I think with - with Windows, it's very - sometimes this can be convoluted, you know.  You have to find a specific file that's there.  And then when you install something, it just takes time.  With Mac, you just know drag and drop and that's it.
I kind of agree with that.  Umm, because paper - it's - it's just kind of becoming where more and more companies are using a paperless kind of approach.  And if you can't at least the very basic of just typing using Excel, making a PowerPoint, that's going to be problematic.
Yeah, like more - more time in the computer lab at schools, you mean?
Yeah.
Oh, umm, well back in the Philippines what my teachers did was they - we had a separate, like, computer class and then the teachers would teach us, for example, oh, this command does this.  If you do that, this picture would be behind, then you can put whatever words in front, it would, you know, be service your background.  I think giving kids assignments like that, just simple assignments each week.