
I haven't been swimming for a while but yes I love it.
I am Australian, so yeah, natural.  I was born in the ocean.
At the ocean?
As far as swimming is concerned?
Oh.  Can't think of any in particular.  Umm, interesting experience of swimming at the beach.  Oh, I can give some.
Yeah, I was probably about 22, and we were travelling up the west side of Australia.  There were about 11 of us and it got to dusk, and we could see all the stars, and I fell in love with nature, thought what a beautiful time to go into the beach.  Everybody else was a bit shy because we didn't have any swimming gear, so I said let's get naked and go skinny dipping.  And everybody was a bit coy about it.  Not me.  I stripped down, went out, and before I knew it, some German girl, I think, joined me and yeah, I was at peace with nature.  That was - that's the story.
Yes.  I have two.
Yes.
One is a self-made desktop.  The other one is a laptop.
Both of them are dual boot.  Windows 7 and Ubuntu, but I run Ubuntu because I'm not very fond of Windows.
Yeah, it's a Linux.
Yeah, sure.  I like to be in control of what I am - what I'm doing and Windows seemed to be getting out of hand and causing me too many troubles, so I was looking for something a little bit more stable, and a friend of mine put me on to a program called Red Hat, an operating system called Red Hat, many years ago.  It was quite difficult to use at that time, but I learned a lot of programming.  Not that I classify myself as a programmer, and as I started developing, I realized it was far superior to Windows.  You can utilize it for what you want.  You can switch the hard disks around in different computers and you don't have to worry about viruses and what not and probably viruses was actually one of the bigger things.
I am afraid I know very little about Mac.  I know there is an Apple Mac on a computer.  That's all about - no, I don't know.  What I can say, however, is that the Ubuntu system - well I haven't watched YouTube videos, the Ubuntu system interface can be set up to look like a Mac, so if you are a Mac user who wishes to transfer or migrate over to Ubuntu.  It's quite easy to do actually.
Sorry, the overseas students?
Okay.
Yes.
Sure.
I agree.
Yeah, I would - I would definitely agree with that.  But I think it depends on what they are studying at the time too.  But, you know, I think it's like raising children.  I mean, if I was running a university, the school would be - once you've done an amount of - enough written work, you know, the power of the pen and what not, then as a kind of reward, you are allowed to use the computer.  But to answer your question, as far as desktops and smartphones are concerned, I don't think the average smartphone user develops any brain cells.  Doesn't make him very smart, does it?
Yeah.
Yes.
To get them back on to the desktop systems.
Well, I think it's a kind of almost a philosophical question, or answer, rather.  A lot of it comes down to the mode of appreciation.  People take a lot of the technology for granted to the point where they just use it, but they don't appreciate it, and if they don't appreciate it, then they don't utilize the power that they have in front of them to the point they ought to be.  So I think we should put it all aside for - for the moment and just say, get back that writing and stuff, as I mentioned, and then allow them to - to use the computer systems because then they'll get excited about using it, and wow, look at the power in the technology I got in front of me.  Yeah.
Not sure that answers your question.