
All right sir.
I like swimming but I can't swim very well.
Because when I - when I go into the water, I feel more relaxed and feel more - I am more comfortable when I am in the water, so that is the reason why I like it.
Memory of swimming?
Because I can't swim very well, I envy those who really can swim very well.  I feel like I want to be like them because I - I like swimming and I want to copy from them.  So each time I go to the beach, I watch them and I want to do the way they are doing it because I want to learn how to swim more faster and better.  So I felt it's good for me to learn how to swim in case of any emergency or something, tsunami or anything can happen, that I have to survive my life, then that is even more important for me to learn how to swim.
Yes sir.
A Windows.
Why I choose the Window machine - the Window computer?
Because it's been there for a long time and I wouldn't want to change it because I have so many things installed in the computer, and by trying to move those things to another computer as in getting a new one, it looks a little bit uncomfortable for me.  So I feel more comfortable using the same computer for many years.
Yeah, because I haven't really get used to the Mac machine, I don't really know much about it, deep down much about it.  But the Windows I - I know that it has a lot of functions that I am used to.  So if there are other new differences or functions that are in a Mac machine which I am not really used to that, so I prefer to use the one I am still using right now even though it is  .
Yeah, this point, they are right because I think people also really need to focus on computer, even the young generation because even the smartphones I believe that in the next few years, people - so many people are going to eye problems because of the smartphone stuff.  But in computer there is a wide screen where people can watch like a TV which doesn't really give much eye problems.  So that I why I feel that the younger generation should focus on computer by - by avoiding or rather using less of the smartphones.
To make what, sorry?
Yeah, sure.  My - my own personal idea is like I think the student should be - should be restricted of using their mobile phones while they are at school.  They should use it after school hours and that will make them focus on computers once more.