
Alright.
Uhm, it's okay I suppose.
Not negative but it's not the most appealing thing in my opinion.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I did.
Any experience?
Uhm, my only experience itself was enjoyable just because of the company I was with.  I was with friends and it was in Hawaii.  And it was just a beautiful day, the weather was really nice and it was good because it was February.  So I was able to get away from the winter season for a little bit.
Yes I do.
Windows.
I chose Windows because I'm able to at least swap out parts freely.  I prefer building and working with computers.  Like, and so if something breaks down, all I have to do is fix that one part.  If it's an Apple, then I have to deal with the Apple staff and the - like their insurance and replacement policy.
Uhm, I am not terribly familiar with - at least like the programming, so ,uhm,  as I sort of mentioned, Windows at least allows you to be able to swap parts freely as there a lot of third-party manufacturers.  So I find that more appealing at least with windows whereas with Apple, everything is controlled.  And Apple as a company tends to try to monopolize everything.  It makes sense.  It's their business.  They want to maximize profit.
Alright.
Hmm, that it is bad for - like business people think it's bad overall?
Right.  Uhm, yes I do think this is an issue just because then a lot of young people are going to - I think they'll find it difficult just working in these sort of environments where there is - there is no smartphone, there is no tablet devices or there's - they are not frequently used.  So I would agree that is a problem and that maybe we need to try learning both.
Well I've been seeing at least a trend that a lot of devices sort of having tablet and PC function, so they can easily sort of swap between modes so that the sort of cover works as a sort of - you can have a keyboard with it, very thin, small one and it will have the same functionality as a computer or a tablet device.  I think sort of a marriage of the two technologies would probably be the best solution for all parties.
Alright.