
Uh, I really like to swim because, um, I think, uh, doing exercise is extremely important to Hong Kong people because they have a lot of pleasure and swimming or doing exercise is a good way to release their stress.  Uh, besides the most important one is, uh, I hate sweating.  I know that swimming will sweat but since I am swim in the water and I won't feel, um, irr - irritate or I won't feel the, uh, yeah, it, uh - swimming will make me sweat a lot and of course during the summer swimming is the best way for you to, uh - make you feel cool and also I really enjoy, uh, having my chill time in the - at the beach, while I am having a sun bathing or swim.
Yeah.
Uh, I - to be honest I just have one experience, uh, swimming in the sea which is in Cheung Chau, uh, like three years ago I went to Cheung Chau with my families and - is this - that was the first time that I swim in the sea because normally I - in my practice, I swim in the swimming pool and I have classes like extracurricular classes in the swimming pool, indoor swimming pool instead of the real sea because in Hong Kong there is not much sea, uh, for us to swim and also, uh, we may have a stereotype that, uh, swimming in the sea is dangerous.  There maybe have shark or anything.  So, at that time, uh, we went to the Cheung Chau and that was a really, really hot day and when we arrived Cheung Chau and we go straight - we went straight to the us beach and me and my sis - sister and I, uh, rent a small boat because, uh, in Cheung Chau not only you can swim, also you can use a boat, uh, to sailing, yeah.  And that was a nice day because we have spent for more than three hours on the beach and we have a expe - uh, remarkable time, yeah.
Uh.
Yes, I have a computer with some---
It's a MacBook from Apple.
Uh, actually I know that the Apple MacBook is much more expensive than other brand, but main - mainly reason is that, uh, the appearance or the outlook of the MacBook is really attractive and also the weight of the MacBook is really light, uh, because I need to bring my notebook, uh, from my home or from the XXX   to the, uh, library, if it's just too heavy then it may be a bur - burden for me to bring the notebook.  And, mainly, it's because it is attractive and it is light for me to choose it.
Uh, I will say, it's the operation system, OS.  And, Mac, I think Apple system is more customized and they will diffe - they differentiate, uh, from - to - they di - Apple differentiate, uh, to MacBook - uh to Microsoft or Window   because they provide lots of customization like, uh, when I browse on the Internet, and they find me that I like using the small screen then after that, uh, the next time they will - when I open the browser again, then the screen will be, uh, turn it to much smaller instead of like Microsoft they don't have a lot of customization, yeah.
Uh, business people think it is bad?
Oh, bad, bad trend.  Uh, I will say both mobile phone and, uh, notebook have their purpose.  Uh, mobile phone provide as a convenience way to contact people or, uh, reply the email in a instant way, uh, like if you in a - if you are traveling - if you are, um, traveling from one place to one place in the bus, uh, you - it will so inconvenient and annoying, uh, if you need a MacBook - if you need to take out - take out your MacBook from your bag and reply the email.  However, with the help of the mobile phone, then you can, uh, finish the job very soon and very convenient in a much more easier way.  Uh, I know that, um, a notebook can - and a notebook is more formal way for us because, uh, normally in the workplace we will use a MacBook, uh, to reply the email or finish the, uh, jobs, uh, of the career - of the job.  Uh, however, we will tend to use our mo - mobile phone to finish the job if we can finish it in a more convenient way.  Um, I don't think it is a bad trend because using mobile phone doesn't mean that we don't familiar with the notebook anymore.  We just want to, uh, achieve our outcome in a much more, uh, happy way, uh, less, uh, less juggle - struggle way, yeah.  That's all.
