
Um, yes, I - I like to swim.  Um, um, but in - in my child in - where I - where I was a child and - and I am afraid with, uh, water because, um, I - I cannot, um, afford that feeling when we dive into the water but where I go out and I think swimming is a really important skills in our whole life because once when we, uh - uh when we - in case we - we have - we - we meet some, uh, incident, eh, that we - we need to survive in - in the sea, but if we do not have, um, uh, basic swimming skills and we - we cannot, uh, survive our - uh, we cannot save, um, our life so that I woke the - the - I woke the sense of afraid, uh, so I try very hard to learn how to swim at last and now I - I have learned some basic skills, um, in swimming.  So, uh, I will also, uh, practice more during summer holidays, yes.
Um, I have been to Australia, um, 1, 2 years agoes   eh, I - I - I have, uh, tried to - to dive into the water but, uh, that is a simple type because we have, um - as many equipment that save our oxygen to, uh, we maintain our oxygen and - and but, um, uh, my parent - uh, my mother do not - does not know how to swim so she may feel water, uh, afraid when - when we dive into the, uh, water so, um, if - if we know how to - how to swim and we can easy - we can - we do not afraid in diving, yeah.
Um, yes, I have a desktop in my home but I do not own any laptop in - for me, yes.
Uh, it's a - it's a Window   machine.
Um, because I - uh, for - for me only I don't - I - I don't think, uh, Mac is user-friendly and I think some, uh, shared by my friend, he - he find it, um, there is a some difficulties when he downloading some files or exchange it to - uh, converting to other file but, uh, we can do it easy, uh, in Windows computer, yeah.
Um, uh, I think a Window   is rather user-friendly but, uh, MacBook is, uh, we need some time to, uh, investigate how the system operates.  Uh, as you may know, um, the - um, the - the MacBook - the Windows, um, uh, own its, uh, operations system and - I'm sorry, uh, Windows can, um, even have more functions than MacBook.
Um, recently, I think the smartphone the sys - the function in smartphone, uh, becomes more and more, uh, uh, communicator, uh, um, those function can even overlap the function that perform in the computer so, uh, the main differences for a computers and - and a smartphone is that smartphone is really, um, easy to - to bring out, uh, to the out - bring out - bring outside and we can also, um, perform those function in a phone instead of a computer so, uh, if the - if the smartphone industry, eh, eh, going is, uh, will - is - is smartphone industry, uh, go more rapidly and I think one - one - one day, um, smartphone will, uh, replace those laptop, computer, yes.
Um, I think, um, um as - I think the - the college can provide more test as - more test, um, in IT skills that, uh, maybe compulsory for student to participate in those IT tutorial, uh, because you cannot, uh, complete the IT, uh, tutorial with a phone so that they need to, uh, complete it by using their computer, so that, uh, um, after the tutorial they can, uh, learn some, um, IT skills, uh, rather than using so many - so rather than focus so many time on phone, uh, they may discover there may - may still some functions that a smartphone cannot replace that in a computer, yeah.
