
Uh, not quite.
Uh, because I - I - I was swam for - I have a habit to swam - swim like years ago, but it's in - it becomes more tiring because it's like training and it is kind of stucking me into the routine of doing swimming and I would like to go for something new so I stopped swimming.
Uh, swimming in the sea is not like swimming in the pool because the ocean is like more wider and it's more free than in the pool and also the water when you - when you taste the water it's like salty, not like the foreign like at a swimming pool taste, if you will say.
Yes.
A Mac.
Uh, no, not having a very specific reason for a Mac because - just because my family bought it for me, so I would use Mac.
Uh, I think is the surfer, the Internet surfer, the Safari and, uh, the Internet Explorer, and the system is very different.  I use, uh, Micros - I mean the - the other one instead of Mac before but I found the, uh, interface of the Mac is more smarter and it is not easier to use.
Hmm.
Uh, I think smartphone is kind of informal use.  If you need to go for work or do something very formal, computer is better - a better choice instead of smartphone.  And because smartphone is not having as much - as many functions as computers have.  For example, like, uh, when you are doing a Google job, it's very hard to use in a smartphone interface because it's really small.  But in a computer it is much better, you have bigger screen and you have a keyboard linked to it.  And if - if the employers are, uh, going to judge on the young people like me, I think it's just because, um, it's the traditional way of doing this.  Or maybe computers are like they're too big to do on the way you're travelling from one place to another.  For example, I live in XXX   and then I need to spend an hour or so to travel to work and during the time maybe I will use my phone instead of computer, so just convenience.
Um, it's kind of related to their own habits.  So, if I need to do a suggestion, ah, I think, mmm, they should stop using smartphones in workplace, the only suggestion I could gave.
Uh, and try to learn more about the common software like the Microsoft which is a, uh, skill required for a job XXX   skilled.
