
Uh, I used to enjoy swimming but - and in the - in this few years because of my skin - skin problem of asthma, that's like, uh, I almost cannot go for swimming for because of the water is affect - really affect my - my skin anyway, it harms and hurts.
Um, before my asthma happened, uh, in my - and - and I was just about 12 and about 13, I - in every summer I will go to the beach and with my - with my, eh, friends that will help in swimming, play with the sand and all the - and it's a great experience that in the past.
Yes.
Yes.
Uh, sorry, pardon?
Oh, my is, uh--- 
---a Window   machine - Windows operating system, Window   machine.
Because it is cheaper than using an Apple XXX  .
Um, I think Apple computer that the MacBook, the Mac computers, they are - they are brand - brand in - among, uh, the industry, so maybe - and - in some of the aspect or some of the perspective that they may think using Apple will become - will, uh, show a higher, uh, class and level higher standard or, and the higher XXX  .  But I think, um, there are not - uh, not very big difference between Apple and the Windows computer because I am not familiar with the - the know - the knowledge about this.
So, the - you mean the student using smartphone rather than using computers?
And I think that to - the - the smartphone and the computers, uh, they are not the same, although that part of the function that can and performed by the smartphone but - and I think that, uh, in the - in daily life that that computer have some - still have some functions that can - cannot replaced by the smartphone so I think just the utility of them in the way that they want to use.
And, I think the mo - the - the basic - the - the most, uh, obvious point is that the computer is much - the screen is much, uh, larger than the recent smartphones that it may be in some - in some level that you have - you may put down eyes - using larger screen to see clear and also computer, uh, the operating system maybe, uh, calculated that the - the - the - the - XXX   faster than using smartphone so.  And they - and I think they prefer using a computer for work and in - in the rep - in XXX   using smartphone to do different stuff, so - so just it depends on how you use, uh, this - these devices in, yeah.
