
Yes, I do.
Uh, when I was small my mum throw - threw me into the water and then she found that I can - I am a - a genius in swimming without anyone teaching and then she kept putting me into various swimming class and I - I felt like I have a real connection with water and sea and sooner than later I get into swimming and really have a real love in it.
Yeah, I think there will be the - the - that time that my mum threw me into the water, it's like, uh, I was on a trip with my family and also my younger brother and she only threw me into the water and that was a very wavy one.  And then I start to try very hard to strive to the - to the shore and then I just don't know why I started swimming in some way, of course, not a very good one, but I did make it to the shore and I felt very - I felt very good with swim - swimming at that time and so from that on I start to love swimming, yeah.
Yes, I do.
It is a MacBook.
Yes because I will - I am using iPhone now and I like the way how iPhone - the Apple products can all sync into one account and that really makes life more easy and convenient.  That's why I choose MacBook instead of other Window   product.
Well, actually, sometimes I think Windows is actually quite ugly in the - in the display.  It's like everything is so dead and so not lively but somehow MacBook is - the - the operation of MacBook is smooth and it's very user-friendly, sometimes it can - it have a - uh, a feature called AirDrop.  And AirDrop is a very, very user-friendly one, which can really put upload and into a more easy and fast ways and that's why I - I think MacBook is way better than Windows.
Um   I think it's actually a very bad one too.  Using computer - well in the - on the other hand is - is giving us a chance to type and typing is helping us to developed our muscles and also our - our reflection on - on how we think.  And that's why sometimes typing on keyboards - a real keyboards cannot compare to typing on a screen.  And that's why I think people nowadays using less or just our college people using less computer than I - than phone is actually quite a bad trend.  It's like they will become less and less familiar with how their muscles can really touch on the thing and train the reflective - reflective action movements, yes, etcetera.
Hmm, I think teachers or professors can try to give us more assignments so that we can - we can't barely use our phone to finish all our assignments so work and also ban - banned students to use their phone when they're doing the presentations, sometimes you know students will use iPhone as they're not so whatever they will just go out with their phone and look at this and present all the things out, ban them - ban them to use the phone and more assignments, more presentation will do I think, yes.
