
I like to swim.
Yes.
I think, uh, swimming, uh, is a free style of, uh, activity and it can express my freedom and it can give me a chance to, uh, strengthen my body and it is healthy for us to do it.
Uh, when I was about, uh, 10 years old I go to - I went to, uh, Australia to swim and when I was swimming in the ocean I - I saw a shark, uh, which is, uh, near me and I was, uh, very frightened and I sw - I swam back to the shore immediately and after that my parent scolded me for long time for not being, uh - not being cautious for, uh, swimming alone and after that I have learnt a great experience and great lesson for me to, uh, protect myself well and swim in the ocean carefully next time.
Yes.
It is Mac.
Uh, I think the iOS, the Mac OS system for, uh, MacBooks are great to use because I think the, uh, system and, uh, and pictures that monitor provides is user - user-friendly and it can benefit me from using it.
Uh, I think the major difference is the convenience for, uh, transferring information or transferring data from a USB or from other sources to the computers.  I mean - I mean the PC it had the, uh, convenience and the easiness for us to, uh, do that.
I think it's - it's not a, uh, bad trend, as I think most of functions in the computer can be applied to, uh, mobile phones.  For example, the Word or Excel apps or the, uh, notes that we can, uh, type in our mo - uh, mobile phones.  And also we can also surf the internet to get more news or get more information, uh, for our own basis.  So, uh, I think, uh, mobile phones can replace the usage of computers completely.  So, I think, uh, there is no, uh, difference for us to use better, uh, mobile phones or use computer.  So, this is not a bad trend for us to use.  And also, uh, using, uh, mobile phones is convenient, uh, for us to use because we can, uh, eliminate the, eh, different places to use it because, uh, computer or laptops maybe, uh, having a large or huge sizes so they are not convenient to use, uh, whenever we want to use it.  However, the mobile phones is, uh, small in size so we can use it in every places or in every time, even we are traveling by bus or traveling, uh, on the trains, uh, we can use it, uh, in every time conveniently, yes.
I think, uh, the schools or the universities can, uh, launch some programs for, uh, users or our students to, uh, use computers more efficiently because, uh, letting students know, uh, why using the computers are efficient or fight - fighting for them are important because, uh, many of our students do not know, uh, why they should use computers rather than using mobile phones.  So, uh, implementing the programs, uh, to teach students about more knowledge of using computers can, uh, eliminate their fear to use the programs or the fear for inconvenience for about using them and it can clarify the mis - misunderstanding for them to use computers, so more often can use them in their daily lives.
