
Um, mainly at the age of 8, I likes - I like swimming because I have tried but I don't know why - I don't know reason why I stops doing so later, maybe I was - because there is a reason why I - this was - it was a far distance bet - far fur - further distance between swimming and me because I move, uh, later to another place where there is no any swimming pools, uh, there are no places to do so.
So, maybe I - that's the reason why I stopped doing so.
Yes.
Hmm, yes.
Uh, I can't say for sure that I swim on the sea, but I have tried to swims on the swimming pool.
Yes because I - I have experienced some trainings from my tutor, uh - instructor to learn swimming.
Hmm.  But one experiences was that, uh, I had - I have on experience of, um, when I was young especially in primary school, uh, which has a school trip, uh, to a beach so but I - I didn't - I didn't, uh, learn how to swim at that time because I still - this was before the training so but I look at so many people swim in the sea and I suddenly thought that, oh, it's - it's good to have fun.  And it's good to have more exercise to - to improve my physical, uh, fitness because, um, personally I think that I was not - I am not good at exercising, not good at sports so I wanted to do so with, uh, with certain efforts.
Um.
Yes, I have.
Um, it's a Windows.
Um, you mean is?
Oh, actually, I don't think a lot about, uh, whether it is Windows or the Macs because, uh, if you can use it, practically if it is used for many, many purpose that you can, uh, depend on it and you can naturally think that it is - it does a lot to you.
Mac, uh - sorry, what do you mean by Mac?
Hmm.
Uh, I think the difference is hard to say.  Uh, maybe, the price.  I think the Win - the price of the Windows is much cheaper than Macs.  And, actually don't - haven't done any research - uh, any detail, uh, discoveries about Windows and Macs, but, um, I think this is one of the lacks of what I am learning.
Uh, if that is a bad trend, some business peoples, uh, may have some - well, may have some reasons that they thinks college students using smartphone and regularly often is because they find smartphones very convenient than using computers because computer is not always portable, right, uh, cannot be hand-carry all the time.
Because, uh, and computers, uh, has actually somewhat replaced by smartphones with so many similar functions in common because college students think that, oh, if they use smartphones and don't - and they don't need to often use computers because they can apply - they can find some applications of computers in their smartphones and actually this is - this is actually a bad trend because it raise a concerns about travelling and it raise concerns about how to, uh, be proficient to use computers.
Uh, personally I think if they, uh - if the computers are - if computers are maded or designed in an more innovative way, for example, like Apple - Apple, they actually made so many innovative and marvelous computers, uh, to try to be advantageous over smartphones but, um, they still find some difficulties because they XXX   phones.
So - but there still - there are still a way to do so and they can take up more steps in designing a better computer for college students to improve the trend that business peoples think that is bad.
