
Uh, yeah I like to swim, yeah, I do.
Because, uh, I was born in the summer and then so the weather was really, really hot and then I hated hot weather so during the summer it's the best thing to do to swim because when you swim it's actually cooler and then you feel comfortable and you can also play with like other kids or like splash them and things like that.  So, that's kind of fun.
Yeah, I actually have a lot of experience swimming in the sea because, when I was little, my parents would bring me to the beach and tell me to swim like almost every week during the summer and then, uh, I actually learned how to swim by, uh, my father throwing me into the sea and then making me swim.
So, yeah, that's kind of cool.
Uh, yeah, I do.
Well, uh, my personal computer, a laptop is - the laptop is actually Mac, but then I also have a desktop at home which is Windows, but I seldom use it.
Because, uh, when I was in, uh, primary, six or seven - I forgot like, uh, primary six or form 1 then the school started to make us learn how to use the Macintosh, so I just bought a Macintosh and started using it and then I like used to using Macintosh machines and yeah.
Um, I think like, Mac, it's more, uh, focused on the, uh, display like the graphics and things like that, whilst Windows is more, uh, focused on documentation like Word processing, uh, PowerPoint, stuff like that.  And then, uh, Macintosh, they have lot of apps but then the applications are usually, uh, you need to buy them in the order to use them, whilst Windows, you can just download the free version of like everything.
Uh, I actually agree with the, uh, business people's point of view, like the - their opinion because, uh, well, I didn't do very well in like computer processing like, uh, Excel, uh, Word documentation.  There are some things that I just - there are some functions that I don't really know how to use.  And so, uh, maybe it's because, but maybe it's not really because of the smartphone, it's really just that we, uh, seldom use those functions.  So, yeah.
Um, use computers more.  I think, uh - I can't think of any suggestions but yeah.
