
Yup.
Um, actually I am not swim at all time because, um, I used to be swimming in my childhood because when summer, has no things to do and I hate my homework, so I go to swimming from, eh - in my nearby swimming pool and did a great summer with my friend too.
Hmm?
Because I can relaxing and doing sport because - doing sport in my childhood because I used to be facing the computer in front of me or something that doing bore like reading so my mum XXX   so encouraged me to be - to swimming, to be relaxing and to do this for healthy.
Yup.
Um?   
And then - swimming in sea is a terrible because - and remember that - I really remember this.  I have once in swimming in the sea, once only in my life, it is very terrible because I am afraid of in the movie that I usually watch, it has a lot of shark, a lot of dangerous feature in the, or animals in the sea so that I am worry about it.  Even though I know that is XXX   dangerous area and the swimming area but, um, I worry - I worry about it so this is a bad experience in the - and bad memory that I swimming in the sea.
Yes, I have a laptop and a computer for myself.
It's a Window   machine.
Because, I used to be using Window   machine in my past as we - in my past and I don't know how to control MacBook or even Mac machines that in a new gadgets.  Although, I am using iPhone but - although I am using iPhone, the Window   machine is more convenient to my study life and it is more - I can use the Window   machine more comfortably than using that of Mac.
Em, I think is their button, yeah, because MacBook have their back - button of command to XXX   control C and - to control copy and paste, but Window   has only the control key to, eh - control the copy and paste because I used to be copy and paste and to find my - with information of - of my essay and using comp - because I don't know how to type Chinese character in a - in early university life so that I used to be copy and paste some Chinese character or information, so that it is the difficult and the larger reason that I don't use a Mac instead of a Window  .
Yup.
Hmm.
Um, I think - I think I may agree with the - those business people because--- 
---when you are typing in a mobile phone, it's difference from that you typing in a word because in - typing in a laptop or even computer because, em, in smpartphone you cannot control the contents that you cannot put down or - or type - Shift to divide the two words very efficiensely   but in a laptop or computer you just type Enter or Shift you can do it and you can have a beautiful organization document instead of using a smartphone.
Maybe, launching more discount for them buying a laptop or you buying a computer in the - or in the entries of - when they entry into the university so that people can have - XXX   difficulty to buy a laptop because their - something that they - like my friends, they came that a laptop is very expensive and it is very - it is difficult to familiar with that so that it can - so that I think offering discount maybe, uh, key to make more people to buy laptop or computer in their university life to, eh, sustain their working or enhance their skill or for the working experience.
