
It's like a kindergarten's like school.
Hmm.
Oh, I hate swimming because I can't - I can't from - when I get into the water I will - I - I am to have fear.
Oh, actually, I have one, but that's very dangerous to anyone.  Uh, when I was--- 
Yes.  I have mentioned I have been to Australia and in that moment I live in my host family and my host family mom have two daughters and they are very crazy, you know, they bring me to the some soft waterfall and then we - we jumped---
---into the waterfall.
Yeah it's a bit crazy and a bit dangerous but it's very interesting because they - I finally cannot swim and then they have - they need to bring me out of the lake.
Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Yes.
Actually, I have three or four computer, I'm not sure because one - one is the laptop computer, at my home I bought my sister already and one is - two is the notebook computer, one is from, uh, Lenovo and another one is Apple, so.
And then one is the iPad.
Uh, the newest one is the Lenovo one I bought in the computer fair in the school, so why bring - buy this is because it is cheap, the price only six hun - six thousand and seven hundred and - but the function in this some soft - software and hardware is the best in the - in nowadays, that's what sample is the Window 10 Pro   and then the - the screen is very - can show pictures and show some things very beautiful is one thousand nine hundred thirty times what only thousand two hundred more and it can show things very clearly and besides uh   oh why I buy this computer?  I have one more reason but I can't say here.
Oh - oh one of the--- 
---reason is it is extremely light because it's only 1.2 kg.
The entire laptop.  I can bring it to anywhere because my home is very far is in - quite far so I don't want to say where I stay so I maybe need 2 hours to come to school so if I bring a very heavy laptop I will - I am very tired, so that's why I buy that laptop.
Oh, the iOS system is very difficult for Window   users to use and because the - the things you close to - close to Internet is in the left side and however in the Android user it's in the right and besides the some of the function is I don't know where is hidden, I'm still finding.  But in - in the Android computer is more easier to find so that's the difference.
Actually, I agree with it because sometimes I used to - phones to edit something to - actually, the phone it will be totally wrong.  And I have to use computer to edit the files again.  So actually if I use the - if I use the laptop to do some - do some of my job I will - make it easier to finish.
Um, they should bo - uh, lockers to put their computer screen so they don't have to bring a very heavy thing anywhere so they may use their laptop more.
