
Okay.
Yeah.
Yes, I do.
Reason.  Well, there is a whole lots of stupid reason, but as I feel relaxed, I think that maybe a possible reason for me enjoying swimming, yeah.
Um, let me see.  And to be honest, I haven't swam in the sea before but I do swim in swimming pool because - actually I seldom go to the beach because, uh, beaches are really far away from my own house, so.  But however, uh, there is a swimming pool near my home which is just a 5 minutes' walk, so I do swim in swimming pool more often than swimming in the sea, yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, I do.
Mac machine.
Um, well, because somehow I have some negative experience in using Windows because actually my father owned like one, two - one or two, uh, Window   laptop before but somehow - well, actually I don't know whether it's really Windows problem, but it turns out to be like the laptop really function in the really slow way and just sometimes when I tried to use that laptop I would just feel pretty impatient and waiting, it's run, so based on this experience when I am having my own laptop I prefer to try something new instead, so that's why I chose Mac.  Yeah.
Um, first of all, I think like, um, the user experience I think because actually Window   is more convenience than Mac, I think, because first of all the computer is that we used before is all in Window   system, so that actually we are more used to use in - more used to using Window   system.  So, Mac is somehow like naturally brand new idea to us and also like Mac - when you are using Mac you can just use within the Apple products.  For example, like you can just use the Mac system, uh, when you are using iPhones or MacBooks or yeah iMac but for other device which is not Apple's products you can simply - you just simply can't use it.  However, for Window   somehow it's - like you can also use it, uh, on your phone as well, for example, when you are using, uh, like you are inserting your - try to sync your data from your phone to your computer then for Window   system actually works for every phone, but for a MacBook you can just simply, uh, sync the data with iPhone but not the other phones.  Yeah, that's the difference, I think.
Well, I think, it really depends on how people think but not like simply judging it as a bad trend or not because I think that everyone has - has their own preference for a reason like they just - when they are using phones instead of computers then there must be something good about phones but something is not - perhaps not user-friendly to them when they are using computers.  So - well, although there may be some like for example the - monitor of the phones is a really smaller than computer so maybe using phones more often maybe harmful to their eyesight.  Maybe, there are these kinds of concerns but I think that if people choose phones over laptops or computers then, uh, they must think that, uh, phones are more - really more convenient than computers, that's why the trends come, so I think yeah.  This is not bad I guess.  Just people tends to choose what's they - what they think they are comfortable with, yeah.
