
Yes.
I am not actually a - a swimmer.  I - I am not a fan of swimming, personally.  I am more of a rounders person.  Uh, rounders is - is what in the UK where you hit a ball with a stick.  It's like, uh, I don't - I don't remember the name of that - that sport, that, um - it's apparently quite popular in Japan but then yes I am not a swimming person.
Uh, yes, I did actually.  Uh - uh, it was quite a few years ago already.  Uh, I cut my feet in the sea and that - that's why I never swim in the sea like ever again.
Uh, no, no problem.
Yes.
Yes, I do own a MacBook.
What's the reason of why?
Well, um, actually I started using MacBook a few years ago and, uh, I find it hard to start using a Window   base computer again, so that's why I stuck - uh, I - I am stuck with this MacBook for like 6 years now.
Um, I think it's pretty convenient, uh, it's beautiful and it's lightweight as well.
Windows and - I think Mac is actually more of the, uh, I don't want to put it in a bad way, but still XXX   of computer user because it's simple, uh, it is, um, as I said beautiful, uh, that the system is easy to use.  Whereas, um, Windows, I am not - I am not like really the most updated person about these, um, technological systems.  But I find that the Window   is hard to use simply because of their blocks like, uh, in the latest version they have different blocks for different functions, and I just find it - because of using Mac for like years now, I find it hard to accommodate to the style of Window  .
Well, that's why our college provide an IT proficiency test, isn't it?  Because, well, I do agree that we can do a lot on - on our phones, I can reply an email as soon as I receive it.  I call people.  I, um, instant message people, that's the most convenient way of communicating and that's the trend nowadays there's not - nothing to change it.  But I think what, uh, business owners or company owners are concerned about is our ability in using computer programs like Excel, I have been asked a lot of time if I have Excel skills in my job interviews.  And I think how do we, um, improve the situation is that, that's why we have profici - um, proficiency test in our school, uh, students show that we do actually know how to use these.  And, I think that's - there's nothing to change more about being the - the future trend instead of having like a real big laptop on hand like all the time.
Well, I do - as a college student I do use the computer very often simply because I - I don't print out a lot of notes, that's why I count on my computer or to show me my notes to - uh, take notes in class.  And we do rel - we do, um, rely on the computer a lot, actually a lot more than people expect we do.  Uh, let's say, uh, the Google failure a few weeks ago, a lot of us actually don't have any backups of those informations on our, uh, actually computer disk on, they are on the drive where we can only access it through the - the laptops and computers.  And that's why I think we actually rely a lot on computers than people expect we do.  Um, just because we are not excelling in Excel so, um, Words or PowerPoint doesn't mean that we don't actually use computers, I think.
