
Uh, yes.
Because swimming - uh, when you swim like, uh, you - you have your, uh, ears covered by water and you don't really get to, uh, listen much from the, uh, beside the water so you are actually feeling a bit, um, set of a silence so you feel calm when you swim.  At the same time, uh, when you swim intensively, you actually feel yourself being exerscide   and you feel, uh, a sense of achievement when you doing sports.
Uh, actually, I don't swim a lot in the sea but in the swimming pool, but in - for sea or in a beach, uh, I would say it's really beautiful to be able to, uh, swim in a - a beach or a sea because like you're able to look at, um, different plants under the water or look at the fish and they are absolutely beautiful.
Uh, yes, I do.
A Mac.
Uh, because, uh, for Mac computer like they have a free software where it allows you to type a document like Pages, Numbers and a PowerPoint software compared to Window  .  You have to actually pay to get to use those softwares so I decided to use MacBook.
Uh, I would say the - the security system is way stronger than Window   because, um, from my past experience Window   are, um, the memory easily runs out and the - and you can get viruses easily.
I think so, um, mobile phone sometimes you can, uh, send meggase - messages immediately, uh, which is very useful in, uh, business world, when you made a mistake or you want to make appointment.  Uh, whereas a laptop you have to carry the laptop with you and it's, uh, weights quite a lot even though it's very thin and, uh, small like nowadays.  Uh, but in terms of like, uh, writing emails, I prefer a laptop as you can really check what you are writing, like, compared to a smartphone when you have - when you are using a smartphone you often, uh, rush your message and you don't really pay attention to details.  And that makes you - make a really a rough draft instead of a - a well-written email.
  Uh, what's the question again?
Suggestion.    uh, suggestions.   .
Actually, I don't really have much suggestion because sometimes people always find reason or excuses to not use a computer.
And like they might be concerning money or efficiency so now that you have to open your laptop and you have to wait a bit for it to start running.
But then for a cellphone wise it just much more convenient, so there's not much suggestion that I can give.
