
Oh I like - I like swimming also.
Hmm, because I don't know why at first I - I quite scare of water but when I have start learning swimming I found it was very fun to move in the water and I prefer swimming much more than other sports.
Hmm, I remember one time I have go - go to a live cyclone and then because it was - it was like gathering that we have like party on the boat and that was my first time to have those experience.  And at first the boat have a - allowed the - the owner of the boat allow us to jump off the boat from the top and that was my first time to jump off and jump to the sea and it was a little - a little bit frightening because I never thought about that, if I were like do not have enough strength to swim by myself to swim up and to take a breathe and that was the quite frightening experience but however after that I would still enjoy to swimming at the sea and I have tried to swim from the middle and back to the beach also.
Yeah, I have my own computers.
A Mac machine.
Um, I choose that because like - I think here different college will - will offer us a like discounted price for students, most likely for university students and at that case because I have never tried any machines from Apple Stores so I - I would like to take a try of using it and see how it's - how it's performing wonderfully or how it's - it was different from the other like Microsoft or Lenovo, so I have chosen it.
Um, I think the biggest different is, uh, before I ha - I have used a Mac, we usually use the Microsoft Office Lifetime of the Word, PowerPoint or Excel from the computers.  But in Mac, we do not have that such programs but it has its own unique which will - is the Pages and it was quite - the user interface quite really difference with the Windows one.  So it takes me a lot of time to like to get to know how to use it well or like searching for some methods on how to do the saving or taking out from it to transfer to another computers so.
Um, I think it was because now - nowadays smartphone is very convenient for us and for - for myself also sometimes I could do the adjustment of my assignment through the smartphone also because we have the Google Drive and we can just simply type it and just revise it from the smartphone also.  But I think for computers it - it must have its use in the world.  Because sometimes for example for those like AI or simply the computer programming we must have to use the computer to run it because for the like for the when in the smartphone it wasn't sufficient to support us to run the program.  So computer is must to use.
Um, Sometimes, I think because, uh, we - sometimes maybe college students apply for some of the - of the Denso documents or some like for example stops, eh, submission to XXX   it must only allow to be operate by the computers.  So in that case student might could not to submit their homework just only through their smartphones and in that case they - they must have to open and - open a computer and to submit their homework and this might be a way to encourage them to use more on the computers, yeah.
