Yes I like it.
Uh first it can heal my - my heel.  I have an ill, like yeah so I could heal my heel and also.
Yeah.
And also it refreshing my mind when I have so much to do in a week before.
So, yeah it refresh.
Yes.
No.
No.
Not in the ocean.
I am a little bit afraid.
Yeah, yeah, I am just afraid.
In a pool near my campus.
Yeah.  Not fish pond.
Uh, I would like to say it's kind of a big pool.
It - it - it was my first time to swim in - in such a big pool because it's like a pool for the - like a match.
Yeah like Olympic.
Yeah.  So, I think it's really good for me because I can practice more like what I want.
And the facilities also is   very good.
They have shower.
They have the what is it like a dress - dress - dress room - dress room.  And then they have also cafeteria like - like a cafeteria.
And they have a guard also mostly.
Uhm did it say it's...
Yeah there is a lot of what is it like the - like cracks for the pool but it's all good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yes.
Yep.
A Windows.
Uhm for - in my - in my country Mac still have higher - has higher price.
Yes.  And also Windows is just common thing here.
So, it will be easier to repair when it's broke.
Yeah.
Uh, I think it's the system inside.
Like I am - I am not sure because I have - I don't know like I haven't what is it?
Yeah I have no experience with the Mac.  So, I am still like.
Yeah they have their - their own system.
So, I think like the - the system, I mean the system will be like more faster.
Yeah.  I think.
I am sorry, never heard about that.  
Yep.
Uhm, kind, I am disagree with that because.
From - for us it's for a teenager for years, this is smaller and you know in one - in a phone we can do all of the task when we can do it in our PC, we can do it in our phone and it's just like more - more easier.
Yeah.
Yes.
Hmm.  Maybe just give them some task.
Yes.
Like college - college task.
Yeah, we can - we will do it on our computer.
Because if searching, we can do it in our phone.
And also maybe some designing, design something, like the big project, yeah maybe the teenager will do it in a computer.
Uh, yeah  .
Yeah.  Some - some programs are not available and also like computer is bigger when we did our project, so it will be detail.
Yeah.
Hmm.  If we write an essay, then yeah I will prefer a computer.
Yeah.  So.
