
Yeah.
Not really, I actually can't swim.
Yeah.
No, I mean I like to be in the water as long as the height of the water is not beyond my neck.  So, actually I have been having an experience of drowning several times.  So, actually a bit - a little bit traumatize when I have to swim in the deeper water.
Yeah, yeah, last time when I went to the other region, I swam in the like a small lake and I got drowned.
So actually basically I don't really know how to swim and I just - I just intended to swim with my friends.  And when I got to - yeah you know, people who can't swim usually panic when they are going to drown.  So, that - that - that's what happened to me.  I got panic and fortunately my friends pulled me out of the water and I still safe, I can survive.
Yeah, I have not really a computer, it's a laptop I think, yeah.
It's a Windows one.
Yeah, I think because the price is cheaper for Windows.  But I know that the Mac have a better performance but I don't think if I use Mac I will use it properly because you know what - what I am doing is only use it for the writing documents, making PowerPoint presentation and kind of like that.  I am not really into the video editing or something that require a big performance of the computer.
Yeah I think in some reviews in internet that also and also from some of - some of my friends who uses Mac that Macs have a better performance, they - they can do video editing or something that need a big RAM.
So, while Windows is not - not really as good as Mac in the - in terms of performance but they have a cheaper price which is good for - for me especially.  So I can afford to buy - to buy one laptop and use it for the my study, my study.
Yeah, I think not really because smartphone and computer have a different job I think.  I mean in smartphones you can only you know the - you can - you can edit video like as good as if you are using Mac compared if you're only using the local type of smartphones.  And also you can make a good document writing or PowerPoint presentation very good one if you are using smartphone.  And I think that's - I think that's why that's concerned by some people about the young generation who don't use computer.
Yeah I think they should give more task for their student which is using the computer.  I mean, it's like you need to create a video or edit a video and then you need uh, make a good PowerPoint presentation which you can use - you can make by using the smartphones.
I think you know the smartphone have a - yeah they can make a PowerPoint presentation for any document and so, but they have a very limited feature in - in the smartphone.
