
I am done. 
I like swimming. 
I like swimming.  Because it is feel it - it feels like tranquilize in the water. 
Yeah, I like free diving and scuba dive. 
I once dived in some island, island East of Java.  And it is quite beautiful and there are so few people there.  We just tranquilize in the ocean and I just feel like I am drowning but not drowning literally, but drowning in the water.  Like meditating or a calming my mind with the, with the ocean - ocean life. 
I do. 
It is a windows computer. 
I choose Windows or Mac because it's cheap. 
Because of the price.  I am - I am a student.  I can't afford Mac over Windows. 
Between Windows and Mac computer, the biggest difference is the user interface and the storage capacity and like the capability of designing. 
I disagree with this  
Because a smartphone is like just minicomputer.  If you can operate the smartphone you should be operate a computer to some extent.  There's not many people who can use computer to expert, expert level, yes, but if - if you - if you think about a smartphone is minicomputer then they are ten - there should be categorized by they can use - they can use the computer in a standard way.
They use the smartphone because it is simple and it is cheaper than any of the laptop.  You can, you can edit any task freely when - when you are hanging out with your friend.  So I think it should be a compromise between a smartphone and computer.  Yeah, it's like a tablet, like an iPad or something app, it is a middle - middle man - middle man.  It's just like a middle - middle level between the smartphone and a computer.  Maybe the faculty or the lecturer could be support to - to - to the -to - for a student to do the task by iPad or tablet. 
Yeah.  Like an iPad which can be used in library, only - only in library.  And a tablet, not a computer because it can be moving around.  
It can't be only use at one place.  And it has a QWERTY type keyboard.  It should be first of all keyboard like yeah, iPad or tablet. 
