
 Umm, I don't like swimming so much.
 Because, umm, uh, I am poor at swimming.
 Umm, swimming in the sea.
 Umm, when I was uh too young umm I --- I went to the sea with my family.
 And --- and I uh I ride   on water boat and enjoyed sea, but umm I --- but I umm I went too far from harbor sides and my --- my parents uh are   uh, uh surprised and --- and uh rushed to me and saved me.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, swimming?
 Uh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Umm, Windows machines.
 Umm, uh, when --- when I went to shop and --- when I went to shop umm the Macintosh machine is too high ---uh the uh when I uh Macintosh machine cost is higher.
 Oh, uh, pardon.  
 Umm, the, umm, design is the biggest difference.
 And --- but uh I think Macintosh machine is uh Macintosh --- Macintosh machine design is more smart or stylish.
 How?
 Umm, is --- it   too simple and umm but so it --- it is simple but so I uh I can use them well.
 It is umm Macintosh machine, so what ---umm, uh, the --- the biggest difference is how to close windows.
 So, umm, Mac umm in Macintosh machines umm when --- when I --- when I put a --- put close button ---uh, uh this --- this is not completely closing and when --- in Windows machines and when I press close, uh, red close button, ---umm, I can close the window completely.
 Umm, uh, so I --- I --- I think umm so you say that uh you say, uh, a stu --- student can use bet uh---  
 Can use --- can uh cannot use computers but can use smart phones.
 Yeah, umm, so they uh so bef --- before --- before we get computers umm we uh we may --- we might ---uh, uh, we --- we don't use computers and smart phones I think uh I think smart phones are the umm are the smart phones are com uh laptop or desktop PCs for uh new generations people.
 Umm, so I think uh young people use smart phones umm uh like us umm business people use computers.
 They uh they use smart phones uh for emailing --- email, for browsing, for umm make perhaps they use smart phones for uh make   documents.
 So umm I uh-uh I can't accuse young peoples for not uh not being able to use a PC.
