
Yeah.
Yes.
Swimming for me it is, ah, ibadah because, ah, one of the sunnah that our prophet want us to learn is swimming.  So, swimming is, ah, is a bit difficult to learn but it was easy actually and it gave many advantageous for the learner to - to practice it.
Ah, in a sea, yes.   
Okay.  In, ah, I remember maybe, ah, in 2007 maybe, ah, my big family have, ah, family days but I XXX   beach and then in the family this where we are having a happy family day, happy activities and it was there are many of my cousins swimming in - in the beach.
And it was a - a beautiful memory to remember.
Yeah.
Ah, no, in my house I have.
Window machine computer.
Ah, it is a family computer, so it is easy for it - because it was XXX   anyway. So, it was, ah, useful for all of my family.
Windows should be different between them, ah, because, ah, if making the own computer taking a touch computer, ah, it - it can - it can XXX   every way and it is small size and it may be, ah, a bit pricey than the study computer but it was a good - a good - a good - the technology is a bit - a bit high than study computer.
I think it was - it have pro and contrast between these and I prefer to intermediate because, ah, in my opinion, ah, my point it was a good gadget.  It can help you find or search many thing directly without going to - going to cybercafe or such, ah, and - but to me, ah, and important for comput - using computer because the screen is larger and then if we can typing it will easier to typing with the keyboard then is my point if we have to typing in a - in a many words.  So, it was - it have a pros and contrast like that.
Hmm---  Ah, my suggestion is, ah, open a cybercafe but in the college and it was free or minimalized price so that the - the student that - that have no co - that have no laptop can do their work at their cybercafe.  And then they will - they will do many research in the cybercafe and it will help to enhance the productivity of students to use computer more than smartphone.
