
Um, may be.
Um, I enjoy swimming but I don't really know how to swim you know so---
Um---
Because ah, the sea is very much quiet so we can be anywhere freely exploring the sea.
Um, ah---
So when I was XXX  I went to XXX  there is the - as a sea, right?
Okay, so um, of course as a child I liked swimming.  I liked being in the water and we also try---that thing called, is it banana boat?
A-ha, and then after few minutes of riding that thing ah, the - the men will try to---
Is it, um.
To flip the boat so that you - I don't know how to say it.
Okay, so I think that is - that was fun to me.  So we tried again and again.
Ah, yes.
The Windows type.
As you know um, Apple sells kind of expensive range of  like ---so we opt for the affordable - the affordable ones like Windows we have.  Also we have Asus, we have HP.  So it's not that expensive compared to Apple, so you can get it like for - for daily use as a student.
I think  
Um, the software use.
Ah, Apple is made for Apple
Okay, ah they don't use Microsoft 365 like Windows.  They have their own software of Word, PowerPoint, Excel and everything and their interface - the interface, the design of the screen - screen is different compared to Windows.
Ah,  it's visible  difference.
Um, is it the XXX  right now or like most people--- 
In my opinion, I think that it um, it depends on the situation that you are facing like if you are trying to present a point using a PowerPoint then I guess you should and must learn how to use ah, the PowerPoint because you cannot like it make it - make your slides using a smart phone unless you are using XXX  but then you still need to know how you need to know how to learn the software and I think it's because ah, most people use smart phones because they are easy to carry you know unless and like you have to bring your laptops around, it's um, kind of heavy compared to smart phones that you can put inside your pocket.
May be like conducting a class like the basic skills how to use this software, how to use this and when you should use this so that they aware oh, we have to use this kind of thing for our project.  We have to use it for this class so that they have the - you know awareness to learn that by attending the class that they offer.
