
Okay.
I can't swim.
Yes I do.  But, since I can't swim, so I just go to the place where I can reach XXX  .
Yes.
Uh-mm.
I have once - one experience where I went to Berkelah Waterfall, somewhere in Pahang.
So the waterfall has 7 tiers, so, I only went to the third tier, so, it is very beautiful, very-very cool there, but then, I only managed to swim or to be at the, at the side of the waterfalls.  Its epicenter is very deep, so I can't go there, but.  I think, I that waterfall is somewhere that I really should go at least once in the life because it's very beautiful and it's not too crowded as many beaches.  Yes.
Good.
Yes I do.
Recently got one.
Its Windows.
Uh, to be honest, I don't really know which one is better and anyone better, since, I think, it is the most common one in Malaysia, so, I - that's why I just get the Windows one.
Yes.
Yes.
Umm, I think, like, based on what I know, it is Mac from, what they have, like, they are all in the software and things, which are different from the Windows and from - from what I know is the XXX   technology is relevant for quite a lot of them, and, uh, there's a little bit of things that is much better than the Windows.
The price is, of course, it's much more expensive than the normal laptops that are Windows, but, it's a good investment.  If someone that's -that working with using computers and laptops that need lots of software, so if you have the money to invest on a good one then I also - I would prefer to buy the XXX   Windows.
Oh yes.
Uh-huh.
Speaking as a common, general public, I think, like, the most important thing in life is about something that is very easy to use and something that's efficient, and I found that many people prefer smart phone bec - because - because it is very convenient, like, you can do so many things with smart phone, and you don't have to carry, un, charges, big laptops and computers, so smart phones have become a very helpful devices and technology that people can just bring anywhere and it doesn't really make XXX   as you have to carry many things.
I think, if the - the people from the industry that if they want students to use computers more often is they have to - for example, create one - uh, one computer or laptop that is much more convenient than what we already have now, so that students can do more and do things better with computer.
