
Yes, I do.
Umm, because when I was young XXX   it's one of our way to XXX   when everyone - I and my family has a birthday celebration we most often celebrated in a pool or resort or beaches.  And it reminds me of my childhood.
Yes, I do.
Okay.  I think my first time that I went on a beach is at Zambales and because it was my first time it was very exciting that moment and I really love that my feet touches the sand and I love to fill - or even feel little XXX   on by body because it's something that is unusual and unique because I do just swim in the resort or more often in those pools that is can be easily do that one.  But then it's my first time and I think this first one the most memorable umm, outing that we have and that's good that's great.
Yes, we have.
Umm, Windows.
Umm, since then we use Windows because I think it's more cheaper than Mac and it's more - umm, easy to use, it is more understandable to use it, more - umm, friendly to a user because it - more user-friendly because you can modify a lot of things during or within the system, within operating system unlike the Mac, it only - umm, knows the other Mac or it cannot go deal/read - umm, like Android phones or other devices unlike the Windows yes, you can do anything - almost everything with the Windows.
I don't really see it a bad trend because as the technology evolves a smartphone is very - umm, convenient to use than computer because - you can, umm, do a lot of things like what computer give us like, you can make your presentation out of your phone, you can do your works on, you can do your assignments, you can search, you can - umm, compose something like what does the computer offers and I think it is something that is good because - umm, smartphones is a mobile device that you can bring to any - anywhere that you want to - umm, go.  And I think this evolution is very - umm, good and I don't see anything wrong with this.
Umm, maybe I think - umm, if it's kind of requirement I think everyone will go for using computers but for me, I think it is - umm, very likely to have something that is a group   for within the computer - umm, just like - umm, editing or making something out of the computer like movies, like that in which they have more - umm, more memories, they have a larger screen and fonts.  Then, with regards to learning even the - umm, use of computer, I think it's more - umm, going to be used of the students.
