
Yeah, I like.
Because, uh, according to the weather in our country, uh, there is very much, mmm, hot season and in hot season everyone prefers to stay cool, so.
I have at college and at that time we, uh, the XXX  came and we usually after 12 o'clock we usually go for a, uh, swim, and we go to a swimming pool near a canal, uh, uh, name as Upper Chenab and this was near XXX  and we swim there at most 3 to 4 hours.
Yeah, I have a laptop.
It is a Window  laptop.
Because, in Windowed  laptops there are so many icons and so, uh almost everything that you install on, uh, computer, uh, is preferred as - prefers to a Window  that every item you - you want to install in your computer, they almost come freely in your computer through Windows.
The Window  laptop and Mac - Mac belongs to Apple company and the Apple company have restrictions and in those restriction we can only install those things which are only preferable and which didn't bring virus to a computer or laptop.  And in Window  you can download anything anywhere and freely.
Yes, thi - this is a bad trend and that people, uh, mostly use their cellphones and they mostly looking that where is my cellphone, almost they are musk - uh, much conscious about their laptop rather than their books are, uh, their anything else that, uh - they are also useful, uh, points about this that the cellphone make it easy for people to make it easy for, uh, generation to come across the ideas and come across the things they needed and the books, uh, they are almost installed from this is easy that you can, uh, try it anywhere and, uh, you can read it from.
Yes, I do that.  University student must prefer laptops than, uh, using cellphones because - because the platform of laptop is mu - much broader than a cellphone, that you can search, you can, uh, borne upon those things that didn't come on your phone that there are some website that such as XXX  for teachers and on this there you can make things, uh, that, uh, checking the criteria of marks.  And this website doesn't allow the students to check on, uh, comp, uh, uh, cellphones, rather it is easy to - to use on laptops.
And there are Word and Excels that are most related to students that they don't work proficiently on cellphones.
