
I used to like it once when I was a kid, but nowaday   I don't - I didn't enjoy as much as I - when I was a kid.
Because I used to - I used to drown into the water when I was, uh, a kid.  At I - as I already said, I used to go swimming a lot when I was a kid and there is one time that I, um, my - is - I - I couldn't realize clearly, but my leg couldn't swim at the moment and I was in the swim - swimming pool that was high about 6 meter, and I was only in XXX   4 or 5 and I kind of drowned into the waters and it was a nightmare for me.  So, that's why I stopped swimming, but - but I didn't scare of it.  I just stop it because I don't - I didn't feel like it.
The experience in the sea, uh, okay - mostly it's about Bangsaen and it's not a good thing because I am high all - uh, I kind of allergies - allergies to something that is very dirty when I go to the water that is not very clean.  My skin is - my skin is very scratchy and it's really bad for me.  So, that is another reasons that's why I stopped swimming too.
Yes, I do.
Uh, is Window  , but I used to work with the Macintosh too.
Because is - is suits with my work and is also easy to work too.  And another reasons is when I - I am not good at, you know, taking care of the computer, so when the computer need to be fixed or repair, is doesn't have cost much - doesn't cost much of the money when you use Window  , but if you use Macintosh, you have to, you know, spend a lot of money on the Apple productions, so I use, uh, Window   instead just in case to save my money too.
Uh, I think is how they work, because the Macintosh have, I guess there's - uh, they call it iOS - iOS working or something like that.  And it's really hard to working with them because they have their own unique ways to, uh, use their home - their own computers, but Macin - uh, but Window   ones are very easy and - easy - and is quite easy to understand even for the other people can use them.
Yes.
Yes, I actually kind of agree with that, because most of my - uh, am - I can speak it because I use the computer all the time, because I find my - I find that almost all my friends, they couldn't use the basic program of the computer like Word, Excels, or even a PowerPoint.  For me, PowerPoint is the easiest program that you could ever use to present your work in front of the class, but most of my friends, they cannot use it properly, and I - it's kind of - it's kind of sad because it's - it's a basic thing that you should know.  Even - uh, it will be something that will useful when you are working in the futures.
I think - personally, I think that you should have a course or class that have teach them basic about this computer - computer program, because it is - it is very imp - uh, very important, and - actually, there is a lot of class that is going to need to use this kind of basic program.  Um, it's actually kind of something that student need to push themselves to learn them because if you want to, you know, have an effective - effectively study or something like that, you should - you must know how to use them.
