
Yes I like to swim.
Because I need to lose some weight and I think swimming is the most efficient way to lose weights.
No.
Yes I usual - I always go to swimming pools for swimming.
Um, first of all I think the most - the - the most - the thing I care the most about swimming pool is the - is whether the swimming pool's water is clean.  And then about the facilities of the swimming pool whether they have hairdryer or they have the - if - or if their - uh, their fitting room is - uh, their bathroom is clean enough or not or their toilet is - yes, it's about cleaning not.  So, I think, uh, swimming pool's cleanness matters.
Yes.
Macintosh?
Uh, it's Macintosh.
Because I am - I like to learn how the iOS systems works, so I just spend more money to buy that kind of systems.
Windows, um, first, we talk about the price.  Of course, the iOS system cost a lot more or even, um, twice if I am - sorry - I think if I have the same efficient of system, I can buy half price for Windows than iOS systems.  And then we talk about - if we talk about the user experience, I think Windows it's more common to all, um, softwares.  Um, namely, um, Windows is suitable for a lot more - a lot more softwares while iOS you have to check if the software fits iOS systems or not.  So I think, um, compared - if you make a comparison - comparison between these two systems, I would choose Windows.
Yes.
You mean - you mean---
There is lot - there is trend is to use smartphone than computers?
I don't think they - I don't think they - um, I don't think college students you - if they use more smartphones they will - they will not understand using - how to use computers and laptops.
No I think it's - it becomes an instinct for the current student that - students nowadays to type very fast because they are born in, uh, digital era where they have to learn to be fast, like, type fast or how to use - how to learn fast with their computers.  And now the Internet is existing in their computers and their smartphones.  So I think they will not - they would not be like, oh, I - I use smartphone more so I don't know how to use computers.
Make them? Um, I think computers includes laptop, rights.
So I think if you more - you make a computer more portable like you can carry it out everywhere, if it's very light, it don't - it doesn't - it is not too heavy, so I think making a computer more portable like a smartphone is a good way to train to - uh, to get that more used to using the computers.
