
Thank you.  That was like a 1-minute thing, I guess.
Sorry?
Yes.
For me?
Not really.
Uh, when I was a kid, I - I love swimming and then so I tried too hard in order to swim but I didn't get really much chance to go swim and also, I didn't have like, I didn't, how to say, in - in Thailand we do not - in high school, we do not really have swimming class basically.  So, I didn't have lots of chance to go to swim and so in for a long term until now.  So I didn't have a lot of chance to go to swim and I feel like it's just normal for me.  I don't really like that much.  I can enjoy some time but I not all the time.
Yes.
Swimming.  About swimming, I don't really---
Actually, I never - I never really have any of those.  I - I just used to have, like when I take, when I take like, when I took the swimming class long, long time ago, probably like over 10 years and I just go and took the class.
I just go there and---
Yeah, practice.  I have to like swim, like go back and forward.
Yes.
Yeah, that's it.
I don't really have much story about this swimming things.
I got a computer, one at home, yes.
From what I can see from here, I think it's gonna be Window   one.
Oh mine?
I got Window   one.
Yes.
For me, like, uh how to say, in the past I chose Window   because - just because like I think like for Thai people, like the MacBook is kind of little bit like more expensive compared to our like life's saving things like the salary or budget.  And then it's really Window   is like is good enough.  Because I don't really use much computer.  I actually just use for surfing and doing some projects, that's all what I use for.
Uh, the price and the reason that I use, for both.  Because like if it's expensive, and I didn't use much, so I don't know - I don't - I don't know why I have to buy that expensive.
Yes, exactly too.
Okay, Mac and Window  ?
In my opinion.
Okay, first of all, I think it's about virus things.
Yes, virus.
Absolutely MacBook.
Yes, iOS.
Yes, system.
Okay, in my generation, I still think like I still can use well with my computer.  I don't know, like probably I'm different from the others because I love typing and as earlier I said, I love watching YouTube, so I have to type a lot.  So, basically like, in - when I was really kid, so I always found myself like, "Oh my God! I cannot type anything."  And later on, I feel like, "Oh my God! Nowsaday   I can type really fast."  It's just because I use this more.  So, for myself I feel like actually the trend is depend on people.  I don't know how much they in each person do, but anyway, the reason that, like the people that use smartphone nowsaday  , maybe the affect but from - from what I see for myself, I didn't found   that problem for me, and I didn't found   - I didn't found   that problem near by the people around me.  I didn't found   any of those.
Yes.
Use--- 
---Uh, they--- 
Yes.
Computer more often?
Or campaigns.
Okay.  Uh, use for what, just for anything?
In general.
Okay, so one problem that I got when I use, like iPad, I think is iPad is categorized as like how to say big smartphones.  I would say like I - I got problem with when I using iPad, because like when I want to do some report, they have some restriction about Microsoft Word or like the program.  
Yes.  So, they have something like, uh, they have restriction like Word.  I cannot use all of those.  I cannot use how to say full functional.  So, for me--- 
So for me, I have to change to use my Notebook instead.  So, I just want everyone to look back of those function in their phone and in a computer.  I feel like in a phone, in - in a computer, can use more functions.  So, you can just change from those, like changing from smartphone to computer in order to use more functions.  That what I - I can - I can see for myself, the problem with the smartphone.
Uh, not really.  I have - I have to mention more about those, because like ---
Absolutely, like the cellphone is more convenient to use, easily to access.  Because like it's, how to say, it's faster, you just can, just one click is--- .
Exactly, and then so I just feel like, uh, in order to tell them to use the computer, we probably like, how to say, get more chance to write something, to learn something, I don't know, to do the report.  Wait, let me think.
Yes, yeah.  That's what I see for myself.  Because when I use it, I really, how to say, I got some  .
Yes, so have to change to.
