
I like to swim.
Um, because it's kind of like a habit---
---because when I was a child, I was being pushed by my own fathers to the water.  Uh, it was - it's actually the trauma, but in the end, it became a habit, a hobby.
Yeah, I enjoy it.
Uh-huh.
Swimming in a sea.  I'm not just swimming, I'm actually doing a sport.  I did a sport.  Which is---
In the sea, which is surfing.
Um, it's not also a hobby, it's also my favorite sport.  So, my experience was when I was probably in elementary school and one - in the first grade elementary school, my father introduced me to surfing.  I thought it's going to be hard, but I got it in the first try and I like it.  So, for the whole year until I graduate my senior high school, I took surfing class and I XXX  I was grade in from beginner to intermediate already and I almost joined two times of the competition in surfing, but I had to come to Taiwan, so that is the problem.
Yeah, I have a computer.
Uh, I used to have Mac, but right now I'm using Window because I thought Window is going to be easier.
Uh, from my understanding, Windows and Mac, there is no difference at all.  It's just that using Mac is easier for us if you - if you're going to have a project like Photoshop or Adobe Illustrator, more like a, you know, picture in something, but for Windows, it's more like a office work.  If you're going to use Microsoft for PowerPoint or Office, it's going to be a better use to have, uh, Windows instead of Mac.  That's why I prefer using Windows.
It is actually a very bad trend because first of all, computer is already exists back when '90s people actually born---
---it's probably like 9 - 1980 or 1970s and that year, so computer is - is already a long history.
And for those people who can't use computer is just doesn't make any sense.
So, if I had a chance, I will rather be a computer teacher and taught them a lot of things.
More often, uh, perhaps like teacher can let them use in the class to make some projects---
---or make some report in the class because I - I found a lot of teacher taught us that you can't use laptop, you can't use headphone, you can't use anything digital device in the classes because it's going to distract you.
Exactly.
That's the point.
Uh-huh, exactly.  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
