
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
No.
No, maybe.
Because I---
I can, but I saw them go to like swimming pool, so---
XXX 
Because I think it's embarrassed to like take off your shirts and showing off your body to the strangers.
Uh-huh.
Okay, so, well like last time I went to - okay, okay, so but - wow, that's quite a long time if - if, uh, it's really - it's really I have choose swimming. 
Okay, so maybe---
Yeah, when I was in elementary school maybe, uh, I was travelling with my family and we went to - I believe it's hunting and yeah, I just remember that, uh, when the ties like hit my eyes and it's very hurt---
---because the shot.
And I really can't - I think that think more about it because it's quite a long time that, uh, I want to be XXX .
That's all.
Yes, I do.
Uh, both.
Uh---
Computers.
Uh, so for Macintosh, uh, for Macintosh because, uh, I think, la - software for making slides is, uh, quite useful to me because the key - because keynote provides, uh, much more friend - user-friendly software and, la - animations it provides, how to say, more - um, more, uh, fashion---
Yeah, then - then PowerPoint.
So---
Okay.
Windows.
Okay, so - uh-huh, then it's quite, uh, quite a lot of limitation when I use Macintosh, uh, lots of soft - software cannot be runned in Mac, however, uh, most of the software can be, uh, installed in the Windows system.
So I think it's the benefit for this kind of computer.
Uh-huh.
I think because cell phone, um, I will say the - I will say cell - the - the screen of cell phone is quite small compared to notebook - of, um, and I think, uh, when typing, using computer is much more efficient than typing in cell phone because maybe you - you - you type something and it appear some - it appears something else.
So maybe it's a re - so maybe it's the reason for like - the business don't like - like the people.
Business people.
---business---
...  can - can, uh - I - I acknowledge that the - I - I - I know the point why, uh, the - the business people don't like younger people to use smartphone, but I don't think that's the reason that, uh, they mac - make learn to seeing younger people.  So maybe I, uh - I think I would say I disagree with that statement because I think the main point is that it is quite insuf - inefficient to use smartphone to - like to work.
Yes.  And I think, uh, smartphone is more distracting than using, uh, computers.
Yes.
To use computer, uh---
I don't know because our classmate including me use computers---
---yeah, everyday and---
For - for like for XXX  proposal for lots of homeworks for - for lots of reports, slides and like everyday we have to use, uh, laptops, even in class.  We have - some classes, they need us to bring laptops to class, so I don't think it's a problem because I do not see the situation that as you described, uh, younger people don't want to use laptop.
Uh---
No.
But because if you want to - you - you can make slides by using cellphone---
But it's really hard to---
---to make slides by using cellphone.
So, I think - I still think, uh, computer is the current still---
---for the younger generation.
