
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Yes.
I - I like to swim, yes.
Uh, because I - I - I don't like a sweat - make a sweat spot, so swimming is - is you don't have to like sweat a lot.
Yes.
Uh, I have not to sea, I am not sure the - can I in the river?
Okay.  Thank you.  I have a - like an accident in the sea - in the river.  Uh, is in - is the river in front of my - my home.  I - I like to swim.  I like to swim there, and I was swimming in the river with my family.  But - but my - my - my brothers they are still in - in like - they are still in the - on the grass, staying on the grass and I - and I swim - swam alone.  So I - I can have - have an idea to - to prank them.  Uh, I - I was like - came to - came to like - um, I am drowning, but no one can see it.  I - I just drowning.  I just - how to say like, very - very drowning, but no one can see me.
I had to swam to the ground alone.
Yes.
Yes, I have my own computer.
It's a Window  .
Um, I---
Window   is like pro - program  
Uh, I just choose the lo - logan - logo.  I choose - I just choose the logo.  I don't know, because a lot of - a lot of - many people use Window   so I - so I start to use this.
Uh, I don't know what Macintosh is, is like---
Oh, okay.  So, Windows they can like - if you share something together or you download something, then you have a - have no security.  You can have - got a lot of vi - virus, but - but in Macintosh, you have to connect like your pair, your own pair, you have and you - it's hard to get a virus, but it - uh, is hard to find a pair - of your pair too.
Uh, I think it is true because while - you can use smartphone but you can - cannot use a computer and is - computer is - can make a lot of like work - work things here.
Oh, I think is - is, uh, hard - hard way to make use computer, because, uh - oh, in our university - universities have - has like, computer rooms, but you - it's really like complicated to - to use them.  So, they like to use smartphone more.  I think maybe we should like bring the computer to the - like - to the building and make them - and - and - and, uh, how to say---
Uh, I can't - I kind of stuck.
Can - can I read it?
  Uh, because our university have a specific place to use computer, so we have to like - we need more - a lot of computers to---
Yes, like that.  Just like that.
It can help a lot.
