
Yes.
No.
I am afraid of water.
Yes.
Not in the sea, only in the river.
Um, in my country, it's - uh, it has a water - water festival.  It's - it's like the New Year for Chinese, yes.  In - in this festival, our cousins, they take me to play with them and we - we go to the river.  And that river has many people to play with and they can swim very well.  So, I - um, so, I would like to join them and I - uh, when I into the river, the river has many stones and I feel, uh, my - my feet was uncomfortable.  So, I - but I started, uh, into the water step by step and when the water, uh, touched, uh - when the water, uh - to my knee and my - one of my cousins, he - he pulled my head and want - want me to join them.  So, he pulled me and I - I was jump into the water and I don't - I don't have the - I don't - I don't have, I - I don't - I don't study any about the swim.  So, I - I into - I - my head on into the water and I can't - I can't breathe well.  So, um, many water into my - into my lungs.
Yes.
Yes, I have a computer.
Windows machine.
Uh, this is because of my mother and when the computer was popular in - in many - in many places in - also in many families, my mother bought a Window, uh, Acer.
Yeah she - she said, uh, many people can play or use the computer.  Uh, she want me also like many people.  So, he - so, she find the Window computer in my home.
Yes.
Yes.
I - I don't know the inner biggest differences.  I - I only know the outer differences.
Uh, not only the - the Windows machine or Mac machine, their - their outer - outer decoration is different - also a difference.
And - and, uh, when you open the - a Window like, uh, YouTube or Google, they have the cross, the Red Cross.  Window is in the right - right side---
And the Mac is on the left side.
Then, you see, it is a cycle shape.
Um, instead of in the outer - uh, in the outer space like, uh, when you go to the picnic or, um, meet your friends, you cannot carry a computer.  It is very big and heavy.
I think the business people don't worry about that, because, um, although they are a young generation, they use cell phone much better.  They use cell phone than the - the computer as many times, but they - when they - when they do their homework like, uh, print the word to their laser or - or the document or they save some live, um, picture on the computer, so they also use the computer.  So, they don't worry about it.
