
After that, he got money, he got money enough to go to the sea.  So, the day after he went to the sea with - with friends.
Uh, I can't swim.
Uh, maybe I am afraid of dying - dying in the water.  I - I have a little phobia with that.
But - but if I - if I have a chance, I would - I would like to - to - to learn swimming.
Yes, yes.  Yes, yes.
Yes.
Um, just me and the child XXX   like - like another family, they - they bring me to the sea, we have a lot of fun.  We go to the - go to the - go in the sea and played with my parents.  It's - it's not some kind like of - kind of swimming but---
It's playing.
Um, yeah, that's - I think that's all.
Yes.
Uh, yes, I have two computer and one iPad.
I have both.
Uh, it's a kind of - it's a kind of, um, curiosity for me because---
Yes, I want to know about - I have - we get used to the Window   - most of time, we got used to the Window  , but the feel then they - they are not familiar with Macintosh.  So, I buy it because I want to know how that - how it's operated, how it work, is it different to Window  , this - uh, is there, uh, any - any advantages.
I think it's uh, the - it's like software - software ways.  In - in Microsoft Window  , it require, um, fast CPU to operate - to - to - to - to make it work quickly, but in Macintosh, the - the OS system is lighter, and if you compare - compare the XXX   in video, the - the - the - the Window   side require more power to complete the - the system.
Yes.
Yes.
I think - I think it's - it's necessary because technology is - technology is - is always move forward.  In business, they cannot get along with technology that well, because technology is year to year.
And, uh, the - many student they have the - they get used to this, uh, mobile phone because they have a lot of time at it, but compared to computer, they don't use - use this that much.  It's some kind of like, in that, uh, I want to say that in that side of the speaker or the writer, they have to use the computer because in that age, computer is new - the computer is new, it's technology, and the excite - I think most people exciting with - they - they want to use it.
Yes.
Yeah, it's - it's - it's like a mobile phone - uh, mobile phone.
Everything is done - can be done by phone.  Uh, although the - the major of work, uh, require computer to do it, but, uh, but most of - most of the documentary work can be done by even iPad or iPhone.
I would say, uh, first, we have to provide them a license.
License program - program license like---
Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Office, and then maybe just have some workshop or - or extra bit the - the elective - elective to - to teach them how to do it in the modern ways---
Yes, in the modern ways, let's say how - let's say how it connect - how to use Excel in computer and, uh, in mobile phone - is - is like that.
Uh, I would say now teaching only computer is not enough anymore.
