
Yes.
Right.
Yes, I like swimming.
Because I think the swimming is the exercise that can, uh - exercise every part of the body like arms, hand, legs and bottoms the main part of the body.
Yeah.
Oh, in the sea, I have really bad - really bad, uh, memory about the sea, in - in - in the - when I was very - very, very young and me and my brother, I go to the sea and play just like a kid but my - but at that time my brother cannot swim yet, but and the lunch time of the day my brother, he didn't get, uh, anything to eat because he don't want to eat anything, XXX  .
Yes.  And, uh, in - at that time the - I don't sure that the sea - the wave - wave sea, they - they flow my brother, uh--- 
---from - yeah from the beach.
Yes, but - but--- 
Luck - yes, but lucky that they have some teenagers playing in the deep sea---
Yes, yes, they helped my brother to save.
Yes.
Yes, he is safe.
Safe and sound.
Yes.
Yes, I have a computer.
Uh, Window - Windows system.
Yes.
Because I didn't - uh OS of Mac is just very expensive for me, but this Window   or the - the main - main reason for me is I choose Window   because Window   is support for every game, yeah--- 
XXX   yes.
Um, mainly for me Mac is really look towards more official or for the - when - when you go the work office - to the office and you have to do the presentation if you, uh, put some laptop or Mac to present that, when the maybe the boss - when your - your boss see it and you - XXX   better than the XXX   normal laptop.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes.
Uh, I think it's maybe not that bad but in the future maybe the phone can do everything that as laptop or computer can do in maybe the future, but in now, uh, like a PowerPoint or the Word - Microsoft Word, uh, in the mobile phone or smartphone they also can do, uh, sometime I---
Yes, at the computer.
Um, maybe make some class that has to use the computer - more computer like that, maybe in my faculty is we have labor - lab - lab class---
Yes.  And we - more often use the program.  Maybe you can have the extra time to learning - learning about the some program that may use in the future for your job, something like that.
So - so may the student in the college--- 
---use main computer.
