
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, I do.
I, uh, um, when I was young I saw that swimming or the swimmer in the television, and I saw that that is so wonderful when we can swim, and so when we go to the sea, but when we - uh when we can't swim, uh, we can't survive if we have any accident.  So, I start to, uh, learn how to swim and my dad have support me for this one do and so I continue to swim by myself, uh, so since now.
Uh, yes of course.
Just one.
Uh, in last year, uh we have a, uh, just a competition, a little competition and I have, yeah, I - I - I had joined that too and I think that---
Yes, swimming competition.  Yeah, with another student from an - another university.  And, uh, I am not so, exceed - excellent in swimming, but I think this is, uh, so just one chance for me to do that, that thing, so I have joined that and then when we swim, uh, in that competition, I have think, I - I don't want to lose, just don't want to be the last one, just don't want to be, uh, yeah, don't want before the last one.
Yes, some prize and I will, yeah, okay for that, and I have done that, so that is, yeah, I think that I, yeah, so no - not you---
Um, not to want but I enjoyed that and then it made me happy.
Yes.
So, is it a Mac system or Window   system?
Window   system?
Um, first of all, Mac is yeah, expensive.
Yeah, and when we use them, uh, it's not, uh, most of people use, uh, Window   system and don't as - is, like when I was - yeah, I was usually - usually used the Window   system and then we - we will, uh, used to it.
Yeah.  We get used to it.  So, I choose this.
The different?
The, um, yeah, I think the luxury.
Yeah, the---
The exper - uh, no - sorry.
The appearance, yeah, from Mac is more beautiful, something like that.
Yeah.
Hmm, uh, in my opinion, I think that if smartphone can use as same as computer, is have no any problem.  But, uh, um, but if you, uh, ne - it is necessary for your job, uh, we need to train ourselves to use computer more uh--- 
Yes, more skillful for that, uh, because, the business people think that when you use computer, it is, uh, effective more than the smartphone, right?  Yes.
Uh, maybe, we need to have more class for computer.  Yeah.
Yes, and then, uh, and maybe the - the - the - the reason - the - the reason in the - in - in the class we need to have, uh, more, uh, homework or something like, we can - we need to do in the computer.  So, it is place them to do things with computer more than smartphone.
Yes.
