
No, not really.
I don't like sunshine and I am so afraid of water.
Maybe, when I am little.
Uh, when I am little - not - not more recently.
Not in the recent year.
Uh, uh, my parents and I went to Thai - Thailand, uh, in my elementary school.  So, I, uh - the only memory of me, uh, playing in the sea is in Thailand.
So, we were sort of hanging down in the sea, but I don't really touch the - how do I say, uh, when I am on the sea, I am - I accompany with my family.  So, I'm not really swimming, just having fun.
Uh, sure.
Uh, Mac.
I first - uh, when I went to college uh, I - I used Windows in the first place, but then, I just like, uh, the - the character in the story, I went to part-time jobs and then finally saved my money to buy the Mac.
Um, I think, uh, the - the most reason I chose Mac is probably it's much thinner and much lighter for me to carry around, because I do - I carry my laptop like every day.  So, it's really heavy for sure for sometimes while using Windows system.
I think Mac, uh, the most important thing to the Mac is that you can set, uh - you can set the system yourself.  But Windows, the system is, uh, you cannot reset the - the system.  But the Mac can like, you can personalize your system.
Can you repeat the question?
Oh, I'm not sure about the statement, because in, um - because in - because in my - most of my friends use smartphone, but they use computer as well.  I - I am not sure.  I'm not sure about the - the, uh - they will use computer.  They will use computer for homework or---  
Oh, okay, I see.  How do I think about this statement or - or---  
Um, I think it's not necessarily a bad thing.  It's just like, um, now the smartphone can do a lot of things.  Even now, smartphone can attach to the keyboard.  So, smartphone itself can be like the computer system and, uh, and for some people, they cannot go for smartphone and electronic.  So, choosing one, uh - choosing one like smartphone, it - it combines two things together.  I think it's not necessarily a bad thing.
Have any ideas?  Hmm, well probably, I was uh - probably, um, why - editing the video like some sort of stuff, you can probably only do on computer.  So, maybe, uh, assign some works, some video works and maybe that will enforce them to use the computer.
