TASK: Read the provided dialogue passage. 
Find all the utterances in the passage that have speech acts and annotate all the tokens associated with the speech act. 

Terminology:
In the philosophy of language and linguistics, a speech act is something expressed by an individual that not only presents information but performs an action as well.
For example, the phrase "I would like the mashed potatoes; could you please pass them to me?" is considered a speech act as it expresses the speaker's desire to acquire the mashed potatoes, as well as presenting a request that someone pass the potatoes to them.
According to Kent Bach, "almost any speech act is really the performance of several acts at once, distinguished by different aspects of the speaker's intention: there is the act of saying something, what one does in saying it, such as requesting or promising, and how one is trying to affect one's audience".
The contemporary use of the term "speech act" goes back to J. L. Austin's development of performative utterances and his theory of locutionary, illocutionary, and perlocutionary acts. Speech acts serve their function once they are said or communicated. 
These are commonly taken to include acts such as apologizing, promising, ordering, answering, requesting, complaining, warning, inviting, refusing, and congratulating.

Example:

Passage: 
Yes, I like speaking English.
Uh, because English can use all over the world.  You can use it speak to anyone.
Uh, in Japan---I just speak English in my English class.
Uh, it's about the English book and the topic is in that book.
About a school life.
Or my hobby.
Yes, I want more chance to speak. 
What, uh, like more, uh, sports.
Or games.
Yes, I like that.
Uh, I watched English movies yesterday.
Speaking?
Yes, it's, uh, uh, mostly is develop my speaking.

{
    "type": "Speech acts",
    "annotation_utterance": 'You can use it speak to anyone.'
    "annotation_tokens":[
        {"token": "You can use it speak",
        "grammar correctness": False,
        "rationale": "This sentence provides a permission to use English to speak to anyone, but it does not fit the context.",
        },
    ]
}
{
    "type": "Speech acts",
    "annotation_utterance": 'Speaking?'
    "annotation_tokens":[
        {"token": "Speaking?",
        "grammar correctness": True,
        "rationale": "This is a question that is asking for clarification.",
        },
    ]
}

{text}