
That's alright.  A few weeks ago, there was a guy named John.
Uh, that day was the first day of the school, and everyone just came back from their vacation, and John was the one who just stay at home doing nothing during the summer time.  And he was talking to Patrick, and he found out that Patrick just went to the sea with the family during the summer.
So, he found out like he has been doing nothing during the summer and he just feeling like he probably should go somewhere in the next summer.  And then, after he looked into his wallet, and he found out that he got exactly no money in his wallet and he got no budget for that trip.  So, he tried to start to planning how he gonna get those money in order to go to - like go to travel, travel, travel.  So, he decided to - he - in -in his mind, he was planning two things.
He gonna go to ask her - his mom for money, or he gonna go to work to find a work for gaining the money.  So, he did both.  First, he went - he was walking around a supermarket, and he found a newspaper about hiring a job.  So, he basically just go to that shop and try to make - try to - like try to interview in order to get a job.  And also the second thing, he also went home in order to ask his mother to give him some money and lead to be his budget in order him to go travel somewhere.  And then, so he also find himself really need something, because he was talking to another friend, which is Sarah, at her school.  Sarah, during the summer, she - her - she's got a new notebook - a new laptop because like their parent just bought one for her.  And John, he also got some kind of jealous in himself that he didn't get any of those so.  
So, he also just wondering like how he could get one, because he also wants to go to travel and he also wants a new notebook for now.  So, he tried to do everything, tried to go to work.  Now, he got a work, and also ask for mom like, how to say, he get salary, and he just try to keep some.
Yeah, get more.  And then so, finally after 4 months passed, he collect the money enough in order to buy a notebook, what he wants, wanted earlier.  And then so he got a new notebook, and then later on he keep this habit.  He go to work regularly - regularly, and tried to ask his - his mother for the money, yes.  And so finally, for the next summer coming, so he got a chance to go to the sea and, yeah, go traveling as what he expects in the real at first.
