
Hi, hi.
Hi.  Yes, I'm calling to, well, um, do you realize that me and my friends left the, left the restaurant --- .
---well, most of them are smoking and - and my friend tell me - uh, my friend told me that she could not, well, stand the smell of the cigarettes.  Well, I think it is better for you to refund me, well, because we don't enjoy our meal in your restaurant.
Yeah, um, yeah, I realize that your restaurant, well, do not prohibit smoking.  Well - well, saying - well, saying, uh, the customer side, I think, well, when you rent this restaurant, I think it is better for you to, well, realizing what we need, what really do customers need - uh, need not to do in the restaurant.  Well, for us, we do not enjoy our meal because there are too - too many people smoking in there and you got even the one guy just next to me, well, he smoke like his - his - uh, he smoked like very minute and he looks like he never stopped and then it really - it really affects our, well, you know, our uh, really affects us eating in this restaurant.  Well, so maybe - maybe not a full refund but to maybe a half or something just like apologize to my friend XXX  because you know, we actually like your restaurant.  I think your restaurant's food quite - well, quite - quite, hmm, high thing and then maybe it would be better as you like to apologize to my friend and maybe she and me, well, go again to your restaurant maybe next time.
Yes.
Good experience---
---restaurant, well - well, recently, uh, me and my friends go to a Chinese restaurant to eat.  Well, as you know, I came to, uh, maybe - uh, maybe you didn't know that I came to Japan for half a year and then the food here, well, is not the same as the food we have in China.  Well, this Chinese restaurant reminds me of every little stuff like the details.  Well, back in China, it is not the food itself but also the atmosphere, language, the - the clients, uh, the language the staff speaking and also the smell or something that makes me the - um, the progress of the - ha - having a meal is quite amused, also very happy to - to enjoy that wonderful meal at the restaurant.