
Ah yes recently I went to your restaurant.
Oh yes, the - we were enjoying the food, but because there is no prohibition on smoking, we had to leave without - without finishing the meal.
The smoke was really thick and my friend was getting ill from - from the secondhand smoke.  And you know, we would like to continue visiting here but in the future we would like if there was less smoking.  And with - with that meal, we feel it was really unfair that we had to pay even though we couldn't finish.  I think that - that if there was a separate section that we could have enjoyed our meal but I think it's bad planning on the restaurant's parts to have the smokers in there with us.
Okay I didn't know that policy going in there.  I didn't know that the - the smoke would be interfering with enjoying the meal.  And we just could not physically stand it in there.  We could not really even start the meal.  So I think it's unfair that - that we'll have to pay the full price for this meal even though we had to evacuate.  So it's really unbearable and  
Ah, well, some days I go in there and it's not so bad.  I mean I've gone in there other days during lunch time, it was empty and we could enjoy the meal and - and we like your - like your food.
But with other customers coming in, it really spoils the atmosphere for us and just my friend getting like so sick, it was - it was really unhealthy.  I think if you - if you can't like separate the customers.
Oh - Uh, yeah, we - we are not going there for smoking, as the non-smoking people I think it's really unfair for us.  So yeah, with my friend like and her like sensitivity to the smoke, yeah I think it was really a bad time for us.
Okay well I communicated with the staff at that time that we are having trouble with this and there's something that they could do.  But I think that this is not a very receptive audience that I was talking to.  So what I'd really like is a refund at this time.  We couldn't really enjoy - eat the meal that we had ordered, so and the time that it takes for it to come, we were just like so overcome by the - by the smoke.  I think that we can - we would like to continue visiting in the future and just the communicating with the staff beforehand, but for this meal I think we really did not get any satisfaction - any enjoyment out of that as we had to leave before the food even came, so  
Okay, oh man, I did not get the refund.