
Hmm, hello?
Uh, good afternoon, sir.
I have some complaint with your restaurant actually.
Okay.  Uh, at the first time I already book and already uh - I'm not sure, the English.
Uh, booked a place in restaurant, yeah.
No, I'm going with my friends.
Uh-uh.  But unfortunately I already didn't know that your restaurant is non-smoking so a lot of the people going there is, you know, smoke everywhere.  So I thought that me and my friends really uh, doesn't like this situation so we decided to going back to - going back home.  And can I - can I get my uh, money even though I didn't touch yet the - my food?
No, no, no, no, no.
Uh-uh.
Uh, no, no, I, I, I even didn't touch my food.
Yeah, she, she also.
Yeah, Yeah, because my friend have asthma so I have to keep her safe.
Uh-huh.
No, because at the - I - I know your restaurant from the leaflet.  And the leaflet didn't - didn't - didn't put that the restaurant is, you know, did not prohibited the smoking.  So, I didn't know that uh, too many people going there to just smoke there.
Because I didn't - I didn't - I even doesn't touch your food so I don't - I don't think that I have to pay uh, my food in your restaurant.  So can you just uh, giving my money just like - it's okay, not the full money, maybe like half or something?
Uhm, yeah, yeah, it's okay.
How can I have a complaint for the food even though I never touched the food yet?
Yeah, I saw.
No, no, she, she even didn't touch the food also because she already suffocate with the - the situation.  So, we decided to going   back as - as soon as we uh, arrive in the restaurant.
Uh, I just want to - uh, you to give me some money for that because it's not - it's not - I feel not fair for me because I - I never, I didn't touch.  Or how if you just - can you just send this meal to me like a delivery food in my - in my home?
Yeah, it's okay, because you say that you cannot refund my money so I -I didn't want to - uh, you know I just - can I just try your food or something?
I'm just, just - just---
Okay.
Yeah, I am already complained with your manager.
Uh why he - he didn't say - he did not tell me in the phone that the restaurant uh, it did not prohibit smoking or have a smoking area or something.  But he said that it's - it's my fault because I didn't ask him.
Okay, okay, it's okay.  I will going to your restaurant now.  So, we can meet in there.
Okay, so thank you.
