
Sir, why can't you pay back, uh, my money? 
Sir, because - as you know that smoking is not allowed in publicly but, uh, you can also see now that there is so many peoples around me they are smoking.  And, if they want to smoke and it's - it's your duty to make the separate portion for the smokers who use to smoke and they should go there to smoke over there.  They should not disturb the public, people or the - mm, people around them.  So, kindly, sir, return my money, I want to go somewhere else to have meal over there.
Sir, so, yeah, I didn't, uh, notice on that, uh - that XXX .
Sir, but, uh, it had, mm - uh, yes I have - it's my mistake that I didn't notice that but it's also your mistake that you have allowed the smoking in your restaurant.
No, sir---
---okay.
Okay, sir.  Uh, it is a - it's your - according to you it is good that everybody is allowed to smoke, but, mm, there should be some separate portion or some separate corner - smoking corner for those people who use to smoke.  Sir---
XXX  because I think there are some people who - who didn't use to smoke and who don't smoke and the one who use to smoke, they are also irritating other peoples also, and it, uh, leave the bad impression on the - those people who, uh, don't use to smoke.  Maybe, there are many other - maybe the other customers who left your restaurant due to this act.
Sir, uh, then---
Sir, as you know that you are saying that, uh, then - there may be some, uh, customers who left, uh, your restaurant due to this act, then you - if you want to allow the smokers to smoke over here then you should---
Sir, okay, it is your, uh - it's a good point that you have allowed smoking but you should make the different corner for those people who use to smoke, you are not---
Sir XXX  return my money, I am not having too much money, uh, XXX .
Sir because, uh, in the start I haven't---
---uh, in the start I haven't seen, uh, too much smoke around me but now it is, uh, I am fed up from these smokers.
Sir, I know I have already taken my meal, but, uh, in the start and there was not too much smoke around me but now you can see that there is too much smoke around me, and I can't stay here anymore.
