
Hello, uh I'm your customer yesterday.  
Uh sir, I have no - a complaint for your restaurant.  I went, uh, there for - last night with my friend and, uh, uh, we were having a dinner and a person there, uh, was smoking and, you know, mm, mm, it - it's obviously disturb us but I just continue - I - I continued my, uh, dinner so my friend, uh, you know, suddenly, um, told me that she has a - you know - um, you know, allergy from smoking so, uh, her, uh, health was going - gone - going wrong - went wrong.
So, I think, uh, smoking should be banned in restaurants, uh---
You have to stop smoking in your restaurant or make any rule, uh, to not to smoke in your restaurant because, you know, you have different types of customers.
It's - it's bad for health because you know personally, my friend, uh, you know---
Personally my friend has, you know, allergical  problem so if there is smoke, uh, she just can't breath, so you have to - uh, you have to, uh, make - make sure that your every customer be comfortable in your you know place.
So, that's why many people have an allergical  problems with the smoke.
Yeah.
But if we see in your---
No, it's in medical view, it's dangerous, uh, for - uh, uh, person who is smoking - it's not more dangerous to him or her than another because the smoke, uh, would definitely effect, so you have to be you know make sure about other customer, otherwise, you, you know, lose them all.
I think it should be - I think it should be policy and you know---
Okay.  I can, uh, you know suggest a thing, if you have a smokers customers and non-smoker customers as well, so you have to be - uh, you have to do partition in your restaurant, you know, for non-smokers or smokers.  If it's, you know, uh, good for health, it could definitely go - go together but it's not good for health and many people have allergy. 
I - I want my you know money back.
Because I don't - I didn't have my dinner, you know.
I placed an order but you - I didn't have - I didn't have it so you have to refund me.
Sir, you - uh, you - uh, uh, you know, according to you, you have - you don't have any policy and---
---my friend have - as an allergical  problem so it's bad for health.
Mm, I - I think you have to refund me because you know my friend is having this problem, you know.
