
Uh, you have to refund our bill as we haven't finished our meal.
Because in your restaurant, there are many people who are smoking and we are unable to chew our food, enjoy our food there.
We haven't eaten the meal yet as your environment, your sitting is not, uh, favorable for us so---
A lot of people are smoking and there is a lot of smoke of cigarette that we cannot---
Yeah, it bothers a lot because I cannot breathe.  My friend cannot breathe in that smoke, so how can we enjoy the meal if there is a lot of smoke.
That's very bad.  You should not do that.
Because it also affects - if it is affecting 80% to the smoke - sorry, 40% to the smoker then 80% it is smoking - it is affecting the inhalers that are sitting beside the smoker.  So, I think you should - you must be aware of these things as you are the owner and before opening this restaurant you must think about the convenience of all your customers.  If you are - you have allowed the smokers to smoke freely, then you should provide them separate area, separate corner to do that, so that we can enjoy easily.  We have come here for the meal to enjoy.  But unfortunately we could not and we have paid.  After five minutes we were unable to breathe so we have to leave now.  You have to pay us.
Yeah.  If you thought about them, so you should think about us who don't smoke.  So, you should divide your restaurant into two portions where smokers can easily sit and eat and enjoy and where we normal people can sit and enjoy our meal?
Why not it is - why it is not a solid reason.  As we have told you that we haven't finished our meal even we haven't touched it so.
You can take it back.  You can take it back.  You can serve it to somebody else? 
Okay, then, if you're not paying back, I'll not recommend your restaurant to anybody else.
Um, as a businessman or as the owner, you should consider the customers' request or customers' convenience.  So if you are not then, what can we do?  As a courteous person also you should think about that.
