
Sir, I eat - I would like to eat biryani, probably Sindhi biryani.
Okay.
Sir, some people are smoking over here.
So and as you know, it's a hotel, it's a public place.  So, why should - why shouldn't you, uh, prohibited smoking over there?
Okay, I can tolerate the smoke of cigarette but my friends they are - they are very lovey-dovey people.  Uh, they don't like such type of activities, such type of smell.  So, uh, I have to quit my meal, uh, so will you please pay back my money?
Yes, it was served but you know.
Because they - there are not, there isn't any rules and regulation.  So, they should, uh, proper policy, proper sitting---
Like smoking - smoking is not allowed here.
But this is not right place for smoking, it's a - it's a...
...it's - it's a restaurant...
... so people - so people, uh, get disturbed.
Well, out of 100 only, uh, 30% people they used to smoke.  So why should you, uh, give torture to remaining 70% people.
Well, I didn't notice, uh, that notice, so...
Sir, you have to pay because I didn't eat the meal yet.
Yes, it was served but I didn't touch even the soup that you gave me.
Dear sir, sir your - your meal, your soup is spick and span, it is untouched.  So, you can, uh, pay back my money because I didn't...
Why?
Yes.
Well, I - I didn't make any, uh, thing that can affect the quality of your soup, so you can...
Okay what...
...whatever it is, it's your fault, because you must have and you should have mentioned over there that it's a restaurant...
...and smoking is not allowed.
Don't think that...
Don't you think that it - it is a bit uncivilized activity to allow smoking at public place. 
It's not my personal perception.  It's a - it's a universal perception that smoking shouldn't be allowed at public places like - like in parks, in restaurants especially.
Probably, probably I must call to police.
Because you allowed smoking in restaurant, it's - it's - it's an uncivilized activity.
I am not threatening you.  I am just giving you a piece of advice.  So please act on.
Well, sir, in the nutshell, I am a poor guy.  So, uh, show some soft corner for me.  I - I - as I told you, I didn't touch your food.  So, please pay my money back otherwise I can really threat you.
Can I ask you why you have allowed people to smoke over here?
Do you think that it is a civilized activity or it is a...
....human activity.
There is any harm in smoking.
Are you living in a fool's paradise?
No, no, it - it obviously it - it harms our lungs, our lips, and it creates so many problems for a person, so how can you uh, publicize or propagate your personal theory that smoking doesn't harm any people - any person. .
Well, it's my personal experience...
...it's my personal experience.  My grandfather, uh, he - uh, he - he - he ended up XXX  uh, uh, only for smoking so I do believe that it's---
Okay.
...but, sir you have to pay back because...
...I didn't touch your meal.
