
A - a few days ago, I visited your restaurant, uh, for dinner, but when I reach there, so the - there is no intimation that smoking is not allowed there, so a lot of people who - who was sitting there do - doing smoking there, so I feel very, um, bad there, so, I give them order for, uh, dinner, but the - the smoking did not allow me to soot - uh, to sit there, so I leave that - leave that place with my friend, so now I'm calling you to give my money back for, uh, the dinner for - for - for the purpose which I was there.
You should pay me my money because I spend - you kill my time there, because I don't have such time to waste in some sort of places, first, I sat in your hotel, then I go to next one, so---
How would I because there was a lot of people who was smoking there, there was no personal smoking rooms.  In every big hotel, there is a smoking room.  You can - if you want to smoke, you can go there.
Smoking in laws in all countries in around the world.  Uh, in basic laws, smoking is prohibited in every public place.
You should - you should have to be under laws.  You are not living---
Sir, you are not living in banana republics, so if you are living in a country, you have to obey those laws and you should know what laws are working in your country right now.
If the - if they have right to smokes and then why smoking companies write that - that smoking is prohibited or dangerous for health or it cause of cancer or etcetera.
So, uh, it is your problem because there is no, uh, uh, any, uh, sort of facility in your restaurant, I - I can take away.  So, the only thing you are providing, just sit there and eat food in any scenario or in - in any environment, so I cannot do this, uh, because, um, smoking kills, uh, basically destroys me or simply I cannot sit there.
So I - I - I contact you after a few days because I was thinking, should I contact to you or not, so at the end, uh, I contact you because I feel that you, uh, uh, waste my time there, the services were very poor there, so you should have to return my, uh, money.
So then I can, um, go to the consumer court, so then they will---
No, I'm not threatening you, basically I'm telling you about the rules and regulations in the country you are sitting or living.
