
Well, we paid visit to your restaurant yesterday and---
---we did not find your restaurant befitting, so we just left it yesterday because we got irritated by the atmosphere---
---uh, which was, you know, replete with the smoke people were, you know, emitting from their cigarettes, so we quit and now I'm here to, uh, you know just have you refund my money.
The people were smoking and there was no, uh, you know, no notice board where it was indicated that smoking is prohibited.
But in public places, smoking is supposed to be prohibited.
People - people have different tastes and temper - temperaments come and you need to take into account everybody's taste and temperament.  As far as my taste is concerned, I was irritated, so I just left.  Now---
I mean there are many people---
There are many people who do not like smoking and who do not like - who do not feel comfortable in - in atmosphere where smoke is, you know, everywhere - dispersed everywhere, so - it is now your, uh, duty or obligation to pay back.
We do not eat anything.
Well, I told you the reason we could not linger there because of the atmosphere.  If - if - if - if you want me to be a regular customer of your restaurant---
It could have been - it could have been---
Now it could have been served to other customers.
It was fresh.  It was not stagnant.
It could have been consumed by other customers.
Well, you are quite conscious about the taste of your customers---
---but the quality - but you - well, you - you are very conscious about your customers, about their - the choices or preferences of your customers.  But when I told you, I requested you that or I just, uh, put forth my reservation that smoking is not liked by me, I was irritated and I left, you - you talked - you just talked about other customers.
Yesterday, it was yesterday.
I was---
I was too angry and furious at that time to register.
But I've got other sources as well.  Other ways---
---which can, you know, extract money from you.
This is the only option I have.  So, if you're not giving me---
I can do anything.  Now see---
I - that - that - that time will tell if you - if you're just downplaying my request, I can go for other means as well.
Okay.  Instead of penny if I - I just ask you to serve me, uh, meal again.
But I'll be hasty this time.  I'll just go for my food.  And within few minutes, I'll get them finished.
Now to composition now, you have to - you have to go for it.  There is---
No.
Now, you are too obstinate.  You are too obstinate---
Isn't there any other, uh, option with you? 
So you - you're asking me to go back and---
