
Okay.  Um, so yesterday, me and my friend was having a meal in your restaurant.
It's a very good place, I like it, but unfortunately I saw a sign called non-smoking area---
But I see there is a word saying, the restaurant did not prohibit smoking---
But this is just very intruding because me and my friend really look into eating meals in your - you know in your restaurant and a lot of people were smoking---
---and perhaps that my friend and I was very - you know, unpleased because of it and we were asking if you can refund to the meals.
Yes, we do eat.
But only I did, not my friend, so I was asking to refund my friend's money because he is the one who can't stand - also me who can, you know, being in this passive smoker, com - in the - in the room and we were asking.
Well, uh, there is only person who asking you for refund and there is no other people, there are thousand people in your restaurant.
I do not say that this is your fault.
Because the environment is not good enough because I brought up some, not just my friend---
Because I thought that your restaurant is going to be a 5-star restaurant---
---so I have to - I already make a, you know, reservation, I already make a reservation for weeks ago and I really have to had the chance to me and my girlfriend to eat in this particular restaurant.
This is the problem, not just the people, not just the person, not just the customer that were smoking, but also the waiter and the waitress were smoking in front of us and you know just put the smoke in front of us.
So it's not really---
So, that is not really a pleasure.  I believe the name is John, one of waiter who had served us and the waitress who served the food is Ana, so both of them were smoking in front of our food, so it's not really pleasant because we are not just eating a normal food, we're eating a food combining with the smoke, so it's, uh, not XXX , but I have to act normal in my - in front of my girlfriend.  I don't know in the first time, so I just ate it, but then I have stomachache because of it.
But my girlfriend didn't ate, so she didn't get anything.  She just hated that - she realized that the waitress is accidently put the smoke in the food.
She was aware of it.
Try to ask someone John, I think the last name is F I guess, I don't know what's the initial word, but I think it's F, John F, one of the waiter and the waitress is going to be Ana B---
---you can ask both of them because I only saw both of them smoking into my food, but other waiter and the waitress also smoke, but they just don't serve us.
Okay, please do so.
