
Yeah please.  I really want to refund for my, like I pay you last time when I was there in your restaurant, but there was a lot smoke in there and I - so, I cannot resist that, so I just left and I just want refund for those.
I didn't see any sign around here that you can smoke.
Really?
Probably that's too small for that, so I cannot see it.  I cannot see.
I didn't see any of those.
Yeah, I just smoked - I just smelled something at first, so I didn't thought it's gonna be - I - I thought it's gonna be something on area.  And after that, I sit for a while, I just found like people start smoking up.  I just feel really bad for that time, so I just left.
Because.
Actually, just because like I - I don't know, I just found lots of people just try to smoke, and I just feel really uncomfortable about that, and I just feel like - I feel resistible because then also that time, that, that day I was with my brother, and my brother's, he was like 7 years old and he was allergic to the smoke.  So I have - I rushly have to go out because if he got allergic to smoke, he probably can go to the hospital.  So.
I just smelt---
As I said earlier, I was smelled just a little bit of those and I just was prob - I - I thought there's probably they have some designed   area.  I didn't see the person that was smoke.  So, I thought just there was - it just come from some designed   area, and then so later on I just found the people lit - light up the cigarette.  So that point, I start wondering about myself, like, "Oh my God, like why they smoke publicly?"  And, yeah I just left.
I didn't come to talk to you.
I didn't know about that that I can bring in food back home because I also order ice cream, so.  I don't know, ice cream, you cannot bring it home.  It's gonna melt.
How?
And also the reason that I - I didn't wait because I was waiting for the food for over like an hour, I sitting at my food, and finally just left.  I was - I was waiting around there.  I was like - I was looking for the waiter and waitress and I can't find no one.  I don't know where - I don't know where - I don't know where they - where they have gone.  I just try to look around and I couldn't see it.  And then so I really want to complain about those people who smoke in the restaurant.  I tried to stand myself for a while, and since I cannot see anyone around, since I cannot see any waiter or waitress and also because I was waiting for the food too long, so I decided to leave.
Thank you very much.  I appreciate it.
Okay.
Sure.
Thank you.
Good bye, never again.
