
That's basically the all description.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, the park - I used - I do like, but for now, I like - uh, there is a little - uh, little - there is no time for me to go to park.
Yeah, yeah.
Just walk, go for a walk.
Yeah, like friends, families.
Mm, maybe, once or twice a week.
Uh, park.
Uh, I have to say that there - uh, go to park is like a not very, uh, you know, uh, not very often for Chinese people to go but I would like to say that I like to go for walk, uh, for a street or somewhere - some - some distinction of the city I prefer, but if you want me to pick a card, I would like to say that there is like Shin Chan park.
Because it's quite - quite - quite near from our - from our campus and, um, there are lots of people and the environment of the park is really great.  There have lots of trees or lots of people for our seeing and lot of, uh, you know, uh, little - uh, little - little, how to say - the little street or little avenue, no?  Anyways, it's just have the environment for you to have a comfortable and really relaxed walk.
Yeah, yeah.
Um, uh - I think this my - mentioned some, you know, cultures because in China we are not - uh, not that much like foreigners who are - uh, uh, who have lots of serious or strong laws to criticize, uh, cigarette actions or cigarettes, uh, or who have cigarettes in street.  Uh, for me, I think if it's in the park, uh, which is a public - public environment, uh, you can't just that strongly criticize a person who are smoking because this is a public park. But if you in - uh, if you - if - if they are - they are - they are - they are - they are play in a playground like that, like I just said, so this is a example action.
Mmm, no.
Um, it's not clean - uh, uh, I never noticed that because lots of my, you know, younger brothers or younger sisters who enjoys play in the sea .  Yes, of course, because, uh, when I was a child, I - I do enjoy play in those kind of things, sea or something like that.  Uh, so I think for me, it's, uh, acceptable.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.