
Uh, yes, I like going to the park.
Uh, I - I like to walk - uh, I like to walk, uh, along the lakes because when there is some water in - in the park, I can feel relaxed.  And I like the - I like the tall trees, uh, beside - besides the roads in the park.  And I can - I can often see the parents taking their children in the park and, uh, I think this is - this is a very nice picture in - in my sight, yes.
Recently - recently, uh, for - uh, because I - when I - when I go to the market or shop, I passed by some parks.  So, maybe, four or five times in a month.
Uh, okay, uh, because I - I am not - not so familiar with this area in this park, so I introduce one in my home town.  Uh, that is one of the biggest park in my home town.  The name is XXX  Park.  And, uh, there - there is a very, very big lake in center of the park, and - and, uh, in summer, people will row the boats in the water and - uh, but - but swimming is forbidden because there are some grass under the water and this is very dangerous, yes.  And there are a lot of, um, uh, traditional buildings above - above the - uh, above the water, uh, like ancient - ancient buildings.  Yes, and, uh, there - there is - there are many animals in the park like a lot of birds or squirrels and, um - and people can - can feed the food for to them and they are not nervous about this.
Um, I think, uh, her - her performance in this - in this picture is - uh, is no problem I think because she is protecting her child.  Maybe when she - she - maybe when she was alone or some other occasions, she - she might - she might not strictly to - speak to this person, maybe more - uh, maybe waiting for some other person to speak about this problem I think.  But - but for children, mothers and fathers are always - uh, always in a strong position I think.
Uh, in the sand area, I think the - I don't think this is a good opinion because - uh, uh, especially in Japan, I felt that a lot of parks have this sand area for the children to play with. Uh, this - uh, they can use this sand to make, for example, sand buildings or some animals, some other signatures, they can imagine.  I think this is very good for the children to develop their brain in a very young age.