
Um, well, it depends on in China or in Japan.  Um, actually in China, the park is quite large.  Well, it's something more like the - uh, more like the animal park in the, uh, in Kobe, but it is not like the small park in Kobe.
Well, in Japan, I - uh, sometimes I play football with my - with my friends in parks where there are - there was grass on the ground and then we can play soccer.
One month, maybe, um, once a week so three times or four times in a month.
Yes, XXX  just - just - just ball playing football.
Um, you mean favorite park.
Um, let's go at favorite park I think - well, yeah, I got one.  Well, in - it is in China.  The favorite park of mine is called the XXX , um, park, and then, well as, you know, my family, well, when I was a child, my family, well, took me to the park and then also have the weekend spending - uh, spent on in the park. Well, of course, every time we went to the park, the sun is shine and then the air smells good - smell fresh, especially on the grass.  And then - and then as far I can remember, well, this one or two, well, something like the sports site where I can to go and then play like the private, um, I'm sorry, some kind of boat floating in the air that - that's quite amusing.  And then also my parents, well, if they allowed me to do, well, they would sometimes buy some - buy some little food that I can feed all the birds or the fish, well, in the - in the park and then, well, I then can communicate with the animals in some way as I'm - as my - uh, when I was a child.
Well, I think what she did here in is appropriate because - because in many places in Japan, smoking is forbidden, right?  Well, smokers can - could - uh, smokers could smoke in some - there's some restricted area.  Well, and especially in this case, the mother is not - was not speaking only for herself but for his little child, which is very protective of her little child.  That's good.
Uh, maybe as my mother because you know, the child is quite protected, but not spoilt by - uh, by his mother, and then say girlfriend may not maybe.
Oh, in my childhood, I played sandbox, um, in my - even in my fundamental school, well, especially after the rain, the sand could be - could be quite solid and then we could put them together to build a, you know, some kind of castle or some little building.  We even built a little Great Wall in - in it---
---as I can remember.  Well, maybe - maybe there are little - the kids needs somewhere to play in a park and not only - not only like the stairs or something.  Well, when they put together the sand and build something they want, well, you could see they imagine - they imaginary power or strength inside their minds and, well, compare with the adults, because adults, well, are quite weak in this kind of creating style or something.
Yeah, you could - you could, well, encourage your child to - to, you know, also play with their friends or something.