
Right.
Yes.
When I go to a park, I like to play Frisbee, I like to play soccer, and yeah, having a picnic with my friends is also enjoyable.
Umm, in the spring or summertime when - when weather permitting, maybe once a month.
On the weekends.
In the past month, umm - well actually I live very close to Osaka Castle Park, so I often go walking there, so maybe four - four times in the last month.
Yes, I do.  It's called Nakanoshima and Kitahama and near where I live in Osaka.
Yeah, so there's the big river and then basically the park is in the mid - in - basically in the middle of the river.  The river runs on each side, and a big grassy area - area and people play - often play sports.  They play Frisbee, the things I mentioned, and it's really nice sunny place to enjoy in summertime and surrounded by a lot of nice cafes and the river and that's really pleasant place to enjoy.
Right.
Yes, I would.  Umm, assume - assuming that the park is in fact a smoke-free park, then I completely agree with what - what she is doing.  Umm, if it wasn't, then I agree with her thought process that smoking is bad, you shouldn't do it, but if it in fact is not against the law, I think it would be very harsh to scold someone.
Umm, as a - maybe both actually because I - I think mother figures should be strong, but as a girlfriend figure, I also prefer if my girlfriend has a strong personality as well and will voice her opinion.
Right.
That's actually in - in New Zealand that's a very talked about issue, and I think that children should be able to have a free run of anything they want to do when they are little, within - within the boundaries of not being dangerous, etcetera.  For example, in - in a sandpit they should be able to discover things, they should be able to learn what they can touch, what they cannot touch.  They should be able to make mistakes.  They should be able to get hurt and recover and so they can learn by themselves.  So I think it's important for society not to, as we say in New Zealand, wrap children in cotton wool because then they won't get a real feel for what the world really is.
First you hear that?
Oh.