
Yeah.
When I was young, yes.
Um, like when I played in the park, it was like really 3 to 4 years old, after school so when I go to - like when I went to the park, I actually simply played with different classmates like because when all of our classmates like left school, most of us would go to the park because it's actually right next to our kindergarten then just we simply played with each other like playing hide and seek or so then enjoyed the time, yeah.
No.
Um, the reason for me going to the park like when I was young, first of all, is that there was a park near my kindergarten.  The second is that, uh, all the facilities are designed for kids.  Like, for example, those, uh, climbing stairs and the slides, these - which are all designed for kids.  And, uh, so why I don't go to park now is because, uh, first of all, the park for - to me is for kids.  The second one is because they are still - I know that there are still some kind of, for example, uh, park for leisure or just for views that again that's pretty far away from my home.  I need to like really have to spend time to travel to there so I think, yeah, that's why I didn't go there - I don't go there often now.
The park, somewhere?
Um, yeah, I will say, uh, the park near my kindergarten because like to me the - like the reason for me like, uh, to choose that park as my favorite is nos - is not because of the park, but the memory I had there - in there because, uh, actually when I can - I could play in the park that means I have a lot of free time and I can just simply - I have no worries so that I can really enjoy the moment, uh, of playing in the park with my friends and classmates, which I think, uh, it is a memory that I really seldom have now because like for nowadays it's really hard for me to - first of all, to have free time, secondly to really have no worries and simply enjoy playing and running around.  I think that, yeah, all of these are somehow hard to achi - hard to be achieved for me, myself in nowadays.  So, I do - I really do like the memory I had in the park, at that park with my classmates, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think - yeah, her action is good and I think she is really like - instead of being a strong lady, I would say that she is a responsible mother because, uh, actually everyone knows that, uh, it's like smoking is harmful to health, especially to, uh, children's health but however I think really not sometimes the mothers may not willing or like they are not dare enough to really criticize those people who are smoking like just directly go to them - approach them and just start like scolding them or ask them to stop smoking.  I think that not many mother has - not many mothers have such courage to do so.  So, I think she is really responsible to her own child, yeah.
Um, well, I do agree that the - like the sandbox because many people go there and play in it, so I do agree that it is not clean but I don't think that's the reason for stopping kids to do like play inside because I think yeah because they are still young and they are so small, so I think it's really a chance for them to, uh, gain different kinds of experience like the experience about nature because, well, especially in the context of Hong Kong because, uh, nowadays really there are not many sandboxes or like also family seldom go to beach because - uh, because for example like this, the places are not that convenient or even the parents may not have time to bring their childs - children to do so.  So, I think that this is actually an opportunity for them to at least to let children understand what - how - what the environment is and to let them at least know what is sand, I think first of all.  So, as for the like hygienic issue I think that once this - the children like after they play in the sandbox they can simply, uh, let the children like take a shower and I think that solves the problem of like sandboxes are not that clean, yeah.
