
Um, yes.  Sometimes I like going to the park, um, when it is a mid-night.  Yeah, I - I like - like going for walk with my friends and we can really have like a, uh, the conversations with each other, talking about things that we don't feel happy, and then sometimes I will get, uh - buy some drinks along and then - um, it's quite, uh, chill to have such a moment to, uh, to talk with our friends.
Um, maybe like two times a month.
Hmm.
I - I simply like talk with them and about many different kinds of things and then maybe sometimes we also bought some snacks nearby because we have got like the - the - the vendors, they will sell some kind of snacks, eh, um, maybe that starting from 10 PM and we - when we - we - we would get some food and then buy - buy a drink.  And then we will just, uh, sit on some bench - benches and then we - we will start like talking about, um, something.
Um, I think that that counts a park, like, em - it's in Tseung Kwan O and then this is like next to - I don't know how to say this, like a - a sea, it's - it's connected to the sea and then so, um, I like going there because that the view is quite good and then I - I feel relax being there, uh-hmm.
Hmm.
I actually really appreciate this kind of person, uh, because I can see that in Hong Kong there are many Hong Kongers even they are not satisfied with something and they find something isn't there, they are not, um, willing to - to come out and then to say - to say that something is wrong, and they just sit there maybe or - or just stand there and - and look at this as like a spectator.
I think that it's being like overprotective, uh, to children because even though that the - the sandbox isn't clean, they - they - they won't get sick easily because of this and actually they - they can and - they can accompanied by their parents and so they - they won't get that messy and dirty after playing there, and then - so I think that they can just aa - after playing this, they can go home and - and take a bath and - and it will be fine.
