
Um, I like going to a park, yeah, because it can help me relaxing or it can help me relief my pressure because I - I am XXX   those all green or it - or watching the child - children to play because when I don't ever watching those child - children who play at - when I am under pressure because I know that I have, uh - happy, it may makes me remember the happy memory during my childhood or happy after school time because - after child - in my childhood so that I can feel more relaxing and feel more comfortable when walking in a park or even walking in a country park.
Um, I think it is thrice a week because when I walk - when I get off from the bus stop there - bus stop, I may - I will go - I may, um - I may pass through a park that in my village or in my building so that I can - I can XXX   before I am going to - before I am going to home or heading to home.
Um, just walking.
Hmm.
Yup.
Um, I like the park that located in Tai Po which is the - Tai Po is - I think is the name is Tai Po Sea - Seaside Park or Country Park   like that because I am used - I go to - went to there I XXX   years ago and I don't remember that name.  I remember I have a good memory in this because it is a family trip that we usually go to in - we usually went in the weekend in my childhood and I have a great time with my sister and my family in that park so that I - my favorite park is the that - is that park.
Um, I feel - I think she is very love for her children and you can that maybe as strong but I don't agree with it, because every mother when she - seeing her child cough because of smoking, she may usually for criticize to the smoker and tell the children that's far away with him so that you cannot - so that you may get more comfortab - comfortable and more comfortable, so - so I think it's action of love for the mother.
Um, I think it's cultural difference because in Japan their children may usually play with the sandbox and they, uh, enjoy the - and - and play very happily, but in Hong Kong we seldom see the sandsbox   because some parents may came that's, uh, some hygiene issue may occur and in a sandsbox  .  But I think if you play in a sand - after you play in sandbox, you clearly wash your hand is - is not problem that the - about the cleanliness or it - about the hygiene of the sandbox.
