
Uh, a few weeks ago, um, the mother play with his son at the park and when they, uh - after sometime there is a man - there are men, uh, smoking - were smoking in the park, and when the mother see that men, um, the men were smoking in the park and the boy was caught   and the mother were worried.  And she - she told the men not - it is not allowed to smoking in the park.  And, therefore the men and - um, apologized of what he was doing in the park and apologized to the mother and his - and her son.

Um, when I was young, yes, but, uh, because we can see other children in the playground and then you can play - you can played with them happily.  And now like in my age I don't think it's fun and I usually just take my nephew and niece to the playground and look after them.
Uh, I would say a few months ago, and I - as I mentioned before, I took my nephew and niece to the playground and just look after them, like to see to play the swing, to playing some rails.
Favorite park.  Um, I don't have any favorite park at all.
I think she did the right thing because smoking not just harm for yourself but also harmful to the others because, um, there's lots of ramicafe - ramification, like if you smoke, like, um, it's easier for you, a smoker, get a lung cancer or several cancer because of smoke and then the others who - who always, um, in the environment which is full of, um, cigarette or the others.  And they are easily to get some, um, asthma and then some other like lung cancer at all because this - the smell the cigarette and then the cigarette has lot of harmful chemical.
Um, actually, we cannot forbid children to play in a sandbox because, um, all you have to do is, um, to care the hygiene's problem more, um, like carefully because, um, you won't expect, um, to know what is hygiene and also being a parents or being a caretakers we have to, um - we have to, um, care about it carefully.  And then maybe after the children play in the sandbox and we wash their hands immediately and then - or when they return home we can like change the clothes or take a shower in order to clean, yeah.
