
Yeah.
Yeah, I do like going to the park.
I think I usually will swing in there if they have that swing or sometimes might just sit on the - those stairs and like chat with my friends also or like we will - maybe we will buy an ice cream and having the ice cream in there also.
Recently, um, I think normally once in a month.
Usually, I go there like I will - because if I don't - if I feel unhappy or a little bit sad for a few things and I might go to the park and to make myself get relax and think of those, yeah, those things also and think of what should I do and how any - any solution for that and it will makes   me free after I went to the park.
Hmm, actually this - the park that near my home only but I think because I have lived there for likes from when I - when I was born until now, so it might become a special place for me also.
Uh, that is in Siu Sai Wan--- 
---which is near the sea but, hmm, for that I - I think it should be like a part of Lamma Island - uh, no sorry, that is for Island Resort, it - the park is near Island Resort and which this - I can look on the sea at the beside and - and it can look on the XXX   also for the feel of the sea.
Um, I think she is - I will - I will say she is quite brave that's because for nowadays it becomes less to have people who just directly go and criticize with the man if - if he was doing wrong and but however she - because she want to protect her brothers and she just directly go and talk to the man so in - I think she is quite brave to do this actually, yeah.
Hmm.
Um, I think because nowadays people always said like do not - they do not allow childrens to play outside or, eh, especially those sands box because it's - they think it wasn't clean enough.  But I think the most important is after - after they play what no matter where they play, they should have teach them to like more is what - more in - most importantly is to be used, they should teach them to wash their hand after playing and maybe use some santalizer   to clean their hands also and if they are sick, they should not play at outside.  And this is the most important rather than do not allow them to play outside and avoid them to have any chance of getting sick.
