
Uh, I like going to there.
I usually go, uh, there to play volleyball with my, uh, sister and my brother as I think, uh, playing volleyball, uh, on a sand is fun and it is comfor - comfortable to step on sand and it is great experience for me doing that.
Uh, I seldom go to the, uh - go to there recently, uh, because, uh, the - uh, work and activities of classes and my homeworks are great and it is, uh - I - I cannot have enough time, uh, for myself to go there for my leisure time, and I need to balance my workload and the time for leisure, uh, well, so I think I have not enough time for me to go there often - oftenly, yes.
Uh, my favorite park, uh, near my house.
I go there, uh - I went there usually on Sundays, the Saturdays, uh, when I was small.  And I wen - I went there, uh, to - to went cycling, uh, in - in there so I can spend a happy evening there.  So, uh, it is also - it was also a great place for me to cherish my, uh - cherish my happy old days there, uh, to spend the happy times with my family members and my grandparents.
I feel - I - I think this mother is a successful mother because, uh, she would like to protect health and protect, uh - protect her child from being, uh, smelling the smoke, uh, to damage his health.  Because I think, uh, being a good mother or being a good woman, uh, for the child, uh, is - it's important to, uh, put the - uh, put the rights and put the, uh, I - to protect, uh, her child, uh, health.  Uh, so, uh, in this picture I think the mother is a good mother, uh, who is respon - responsible for playing with his child happily and also protect the - protect, uh, her child from smelling the smoke.
Uh, I think in - in this picture I - I can see that the sand on park is not, uh, so clean and I think to some extent that, uh, the child should not play, uh, in this park is correct as the, uh, health and - health issue for child is important as during the puberty or, uh, also the, uh, important to protect themself   from being, uh, infected by disease or infected by the health crisis.  And so I think it is important for the child to play in the hygiene and - at the hygiene places so it is not a very good way for the child to play, uh, the sand on this park.
