
Uh-hmm.
Actually no.
Uh, I think, um, because I going - go up I - I do not want to - spend too much time in the park and I think the park is no - not really funny - not really funny to me, I think it's quite boring.
  No.
Umm.
Disneyland is the park?
Uh, yes, yes, I think because in the Disneyland, this is a dream place I think because in - they have many cartoon I like, so I think girls like romantic in here.  It's really romantic place I think.  So I like this place and, eh, not have many reason just it's really beautiful place I think.
Uh-hmm.
Uh, actually I - I - I like this lady because, eh, she is so straightforward if she don't like it, she will talk to you.  But I feel something bad is he is so mean to the man, so, eh, she - she is - he - I think she is really angry in that moment because, eh, his kid was - was feeling not good, so, eh, I think strict more as kid but don't be too angry, maybe, he because - uh, you may - uh, can you take it off my son feel not good, so it's okay but I think - I - but I really like, um, if he eh - I really like if she feel something not - not right or she feel, eh, not good, he - he speak to other, I think this is good thing.
I don't like this.
Eh, because I - I think she is so - she will always angry with me.  I see the picture I think she will always angry with me, so I don't like that.  And I - I like people say, uh, I - I just because I say I would like people to, eh, just told me - is feeling - eh, that I can change my behavior or something but I don't like people is - too angry talk to me, I need to ask soft, eh - I need to have a soft - eh, she need to use a soft way to told me, oh please don't - just okay and my mother - because my mom it's really soft way always tell me so I don't like really, uh, easy to angry person.   
To my mom.
Uh, I think - actually because I am not the mother, if I am the mother I think I am always scare my kid was a sick or something like that, but in this woman I think I do not agree with that is so dirty something like that, because I think kid needs to try anything and the - anything they need to try and after they try it, they will create anything because they are - they are - they have a great imagine, eh, imagine.  So I think, eh, in this place really, eh, important in the park because, eh, the kid can create something they like to - they want to be and in the picture you can see the kid have a - little hill - do make the little hill in the - in there, so it's really - I think cannot stop kid to don't do this.
