
Uh, yes I would say.
Maybe, uh, sit on those, uh, toys like, you know how those toys shakes when you, uh, sit on the them trying to ride on them, like pretending like you are riding, uh, actual animal.
And in the park there are different like, um,   there are different - different, uh - different things for you to touch on and - and try to play with, even though it's, uh, for a little kids to play but as a - but as a tee, uh -   uh, but for us right now it's usually like for us to just put our hand on to them and just feel them or maybe just sit around or just have a really, uh, silent moment or a calm, uh, moment.
Uh, the last time that I went to a park it's, uh, three or four months ago.
So, what did I do during--- 
---that, uh.  Uh, I basically walked around like look at the - the trees, look at the plants and then sit on some of the benches or ride some of the, uh, toys and just to be one with the nature and be able to relax and not think about any other thing else.
And not - simply not to think of work or school stuff.
Uh,   park wise.  Uh, for favorite one I think, uh, I am not sure if this counts but, uh, along the shore there are some like parks---
---as well.  I like that specific location because like you're able to look at the ocean and you're - and you can also exercise along the shore,   uh, quietly, even though there are quite some people walk up - walk past but I think that, uh, the whole experience is great, like - like it's not completely crowded or noisy and you can always walk past some or run past some to get a quiet, uh, even quieter, uh, space.
I think this lady is actually really, uh,   she is really   independent, I would say, um, because like and she is independent and really caring.  She is independent because like she - she decided to walk up to the - a stranger herself and talk to the stranger and ask the stranger not to smoke in the park.  And I think that nowadays in the modern - modern society it's actually, um, not that easy task to actually walk up a stranger and communicate with stranger peacefully and without, um, having any, uh, big conflict.  Yeah.
Oh, sorry, the sandbox is not---?
Okay, clean.
I think that, uh, for these parks like I don't think they actually have, um, regular cleaning a lot, like especially - so I think for the sandbox wise it might not be very hygienetic   I think.
And for myself I don't - I don't - I won't think - I don't think I would have my hand - put my hand into those sand as well.
