
Um, I like go to the park when I was a child but now I have not so much time to play in a playground and also, uh, there is no more, uh, friends to share the same hobby with me, uh, this is very, uh, unlikely with - with those experience, uh, when I was a primary student.
Um, I - I just go for the park to have, um, a - a softballing  , uh, for, uh, doing sport but I really ha - uh, really don't - don't, uh, um, spend too much time in - in the playground, yeah.
Um,   uh, I - I - I don't remember the English name but I just try to describe it.
Um, the park is in, uh, Hong Kong and there is many animals and - and XXX   in the, uh, country.  And there - there is also some, um, animals, um, as an exhibition for - for those, uh, visitor to watch us is, eh - and when I was a child, I - I think it is - it is very interesting, just like I - I have went to the - the feeling is like I have went to the Ocean park to see those animal exhibition, yes.
Okay.  So, um, the mother in the picture, um, she criticize the smoker and made him stop smoking.  So, she is a very strong lady.  How do you feel about her? Do you like her?
Um, I - I - I - I think she is just, um, um, protecting her - her kids, eh, and when - when she - when she - when she saw, uh, her - her kids, uh, really feels uncomfortable with those smoke, um, he - she need to, um, stand - she need to, uh - she have the responsibility to criticize this, um, smoking action because, uh, she need to protect her kids.  And I don't think, um, she - she is really so mean to - to talk to that smoking guy because, uh, she just doing some, uh, she need to do, yeah.
Um, oh really is the sandbox, eh, maybe lack of cleaning, so, um, this may - maybe, um - so not also unhealthy to - to the kid because they may, eh - they may acquire many, uh, germs or, uh, uh, so the - each can you may make they - it may makes them, uh, feel uncomfortable and get sick and - and - so that's why did - uh, recent year I - I've - I discovered that, uh, there is fewer family, uh, will go to the, uh, park, eh, up in - outside with their children in - they will go to some indoor, maybe be museum or - or exhibition with their kid instead, yes.
