What kind of park like.
Uhm.  Yes I like to play and go to the park like theme park.
Car.
Because it's a theme park there are a lot of rides like rollercoaster and then yeah a lot of rides and I always go to the rides, like especially rollercoaster.
Recreational park.
Recreational park.
Uh, it's so rare in the city, you know, like it's hard to find that kind of park in the city.
To where?
Oh, a park like that.  I - my university has that kind of place like recreational park but like that was like 6 months ago the last time I went there.
So, it has a lot of trees.  There are jogging tracks, there is a big lake, something like that and sometimes in the evening people do like kayaking or yeah do kayaking, something like that or jogging or cycling.
Yeah, she is a very strong lady because it's hard to convince a smoker to stop smoke.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Hmm, both.
Mother, friend - a mother.
Because a mother is also a - a friend to her children.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think agree with that opinion because in this XXX   a sandbox can be used for a cat to do yeah.
It poops yeah.  And some people litter at the sandbox and yeah maybe because mostly because of the cat poops it makes it not clean.
Okay.
c
Hello.
I am your customer and I ate at your place yesterday.
And can I   criticize your place.
So, me and my friends at your - ate at your restaurant yesterday and we were not comfortable because of there - there were a lot of people smoking.
And can - because - and also we didn't finish our meals because we are not - we were not comfortable and I just know that your restaurant is - well your restaurant is free restaurant but you are not putted   the sign at the - at your restaurant and I am not happy about that.  Because if you put at - if you put your sign at your - at the front of your restaurant, like me and my friends can go - go to another place and because of that I want to - you, I want to have a refund.
But you didn't put the sign about the smoking restaurant.
But can you like - uh can you do another things besides a refund because I am really uncomfortable and I - I think will not recommend this place to my friends.
Yeah.  No, because I complain to the waitress but the waitress...
She said like okay I will ask the manager but she went back and she said that the manager wasn't here, wasn't there.
Okay.
Okay.  I will consider that.  Thank you so much.
