
 Um-hmm.
 Umm, uh, yes.
 Huh-huh.
 Uh.
 Uh-huh-huh, actually in Japan, uh, I don't like because at and uh more --- especially in the big city like here or in Tokyo, because too many children are there and we cannot --- huh --- no, adult cannot enjoy --- uh --- enjoy, you know, walking or playing there.
 Yes, just walking and enjoy umm nature.
 In 1 month?
 Maybe --- uh --- maybe I went one time or I never went.
 Umm fav --- okay umm my favorite park is at my home countries   and there are many tree   and many   nature and few people, so especially uh weekdays umm there are only elderly people, who are jogging or very umm very small children with their parents and I can, you know, I can sit anywhere and umm I can --- I like to read some book there.
 Um-hmm.
 Um-hmm.
 Umm, yes, maybe she is a strong woman but I think that not only she --- she uh stops the man but if she is a mother of uh a children   umm maybe anyone will stop him because for a child --- for her child.
 This type of woman?
 Huh-huh, umm.
 This type of a man or?  
 Woman?
 As a friend?
 Umm, maybe yes.
 Eh Umm   because --- umm because she can explain her opinion uh directly without hesitation.
 This kind of people are --- uh for me easy to conversate   because.
 Um-hmm.
 Umm   uh I think, yeah sand is --- sand --- sands   are   dirty.
 Uh, of course, they are uh on the ground and the people are walking on it but umm if --- umm --- if children don't touch some dirty things, uh, not at all, umm, they are --- uh they don't have a umm prob --- umm   no, they don't have a uh --- how to say --- wait a minute --- umm-uh-uh oh they are --- no --- children are easy to get sick uh because they are always in a clean house or clean place, uh, they don't have umm some protection.
 Oh, how to say, umm, uh  , how to say --- protection or I don't --- or I --- I forgot the word.
 Which --- which --- which are --- which are made umm before because once we touch the dirty thing, we have a prob --- protest from it --- how to say --- it's like a info --- it's --- it's kind of like a   influenza --- in flu --- flu if once I get the flu, I don't have it a year  .
 Umm, children should play.
