
Uh, I like going to park.
Uh, when you have such, uh, you have - we, we used to have leisure time, so going to park made you more healthier, made you happiest to, to confess your feeling to to your - when you are learning something, you must have, uh, a hard time.  So when you go to park, you meet people and you can communicate so you can playing.  So it really a stress.
It is not often but, uh, it is  
At least, at least once a week.
So basically, uh, I love to play the - I love to play sport but not rough sport.  Basically, uh, I prefer more going to park to talk with friends and they always playing football.  And I just love to exercising like stretching my body light like head.
So basically right now, uh  ...
I live in - uh right now I study in UITM, so I live at UITM environment got great nature, the oxygen, so  
So I love to go to UITM park.
Because UITM park when - I love to go in morning because morning you feel the cold and you can ask your friend to join, to invite.
So in UITM park, a lot of what you call the, the playing, the playing part when you can use the facility and all.
Yes, uh  
I think the lady is, the lady is strong people because he know, he know how to put a right thing then let the mistake of him. So basically the lady, uh, uh, is brave and, uh, she was defend the human right about something is not right.
Yes.
XXX   no like not a lot of people can defend the right so if, uh, we have this kind of woman, so it will be a great  
Uh I love as my mother and  
Because she can guide me to the right, right path.  So she is not pretending that the right thing - the wrong thing is right.  So we need this kind of woman.
So, uh, I am not agreeing this opinion because, uh, children is children which, uh, they - the children know what right and wrong thing.  So basically, uh, when kid, when kid learning something the brain cell try to grow.  So when children playing something, uh, you need to let go, meaning like you need to guide but not, not to, uh, not to make da- make the kid to not doing that thing.  So, uh, kid need to learn something, uh, from wrong and right thing.
