
Sir.
Yes, sir, I---
Sir, mm, I mostly go with my friends and use to play over there or to spend - or to refresh my mind or to pass, uh, time over there.
Sir, not in 1 month, now a lot of time is passed, I didn't visit the park due to my studies and, mm, before some years, uh, I often use to go to the park, uh, at night and, mm, on - even on that time, I use to go with my friends and we use to play over there hide and seek or sometimes we use to play cricket over there.
Sir, mm, the nearest park to my house is in the - which is very famous XXX  city and that is XXX  Park.
Yes, sir, mm, uh, first of all it was under the, mm, army but now it is under these - someone else and it is - this park is too much big and, uh, um, this park is divided into two or three portions, and the one portion is for the ladies and for the kids and the one - and it is - this also includes only those people are allowed to visit that area who are with their family.  And for the boys, uh, they made the separate portions for them and there is a little, uh, uh, small kind of a swimming pool, uh, or there and, uh, there is a pond over there and, uh, where, uh, the ducks are swimming over there.  And there is also a playground over there, and they are mostly use to play the cricket, uh, over there.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, of course she is a strong lady, that's why he , uh - she went to that boy and ask him that not to smoke.  If she is not strong or not having, uh, too much, uh, uh, uh power or not having the stamina, uh, she wouldn't go to that, mm, boy and ask him that not to smoke.
Yes, sir, of co - of course there should be some sort of, uh, ladies like, uh, her and who stop the other peoples who are violating the rules or who are, mm, creating disturbance in the society or in the public.
Sir.
Sir, as, uh, mm, XXX  the people - the small kids use to play with the mud or like sand, and according to my opinion there should be some, uh, uh, small portion for - uh, uh, small portion like this where, hmm, small kids, uh, can - can use to play and enjoy theirself.
