
Okay.
Yes.
Do I want to go to that park in the picture?
There seem to be nothing very - there seem to be nothing like, how to say, XXX   to go there.
From the picture, yes.
Yes, yes.
Favorite park.  The park? 
Oh, okay, the park.  Uh, actually recently I just went to central park in New York city.
I really like that one.  One thing that I really like about that one because I found like - I found the combination of the park--- .
---I really enjoying one in the city, that was my favorite park.
Uh, basically just walking around.  I also might be sitting.  I just walking around like try to go to like strawberry garden, XXX   and try to go to like just walking by, see the - I can't remember, there was a fountain.
Yes, I cannot remember about the name of those.
There just walking around there, looking around, like sightseeing.  Yeah.  Relaxing.  
The what?
XXX  
Amis, what is Amis?
Yes.
Black pants.
A high, you mean a high hat.
I have heard about - I have heard about that.  I cannot really recognize or remember about those.  I have heard from the movies I guess.
Dress different like.
Um.
Okay.
Trying to think what did I say.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.  So, I probably like her as a mother.
Yes.
Actually like, I can be her, I mean I can be her in the attitude and those because I feel like smoker, like okay, if you smoke it's fine but you have to smoke in some designed   area.  You should - you're not supposed to smoke in some public area in order to get the other to get like get, how to say, chemical things in the body.  And from a lots of research, you can see like most of the people which is not smoker but just staying around, they can get - they have like higher percent to get the cancer than the smoker.
Higher percent.  So, I just feel like---
Than the smoker, the one who stay beside.  If you absorb a lot of ga - a lots of like smoke.  
Yes chemical.  Because like the smoker, at the end, they gonna have some kind of filtration, they're filtrate something.
Filter, yes.  He gonna filter those chemical, they cannot go inside themselves.  But the smoke, they go all around, over the place.  So, I feel like for her, I like the way she strong in her think, but strong in her mind about something that is bad.  That's what I really like about her to be my mom.
Okay.
I disagree.
Because like in my idea from - from only this black things, is that dirty?
Oh, okay.  I didn't - for me I thought it was just a normal sand, because sand have many colors, so probably just mixing color for those.  For me, like what I'm seeing, in basically it just - if they make a park, they should have someone in order to clean and those kind of thing.  They're supposed to like probably in ideal park.
So.
Probably, in some place - probably in some place they clean it.
Yeah.  So, from what I said earlier, because I - I see the sand was normal, I didn't found any---
---any dirty on that.
Yes, because I thought that the sand was clean.  I didn't - I didn't - I didn't thought it was dirty.
