
Yes.
Yes, I like.
Um, I usually plan - I go to park usually at night and I think the park are silence and when the day, I - I walk all day or study all day.  I feel tired and I usually go to park and to relax myself.
In one month?  Almost---
Two times a week.
In this - in this country - the - the parks are not like my country.
In my country, the park is - really a park is a grass or many other places for children play, swimming pool or other parks.  And this - uh, this country park only for children play.  So, I go to - I go to the park and in the park, it has seesaw or---
Yes, myself.
Not, not only the seesaw---
But also the - like a---
Yes, the swing all night like, um, wood horse.
Uh, it XXX .
Yes, it has a spring on his - on XXX .
Dream park or really?
It really did to the weather all day or night, uh, because in night if the park is big, I'm also afraid.
Whether day or night?
Can I mention two?
Um, I - I like my hometown park.  It's really, really big.
And it's, uh, one year, it has flower festival.  It has many kinds of flower and they show the foreigner or native - native people or local people to - to see.  It also a lake on the center, a big lake on the center and the lake also has the, uh, in the lake, it also has goose, the white goose or black goose or big fish.  Yes, it - it's - um, it was---
Yes.
Yes.
And in - I like another park.  It's near my - near my home.
Yes, in this place.
Um, it - although it is in the - it is near the people - people's home, but there is, uh - in the night, there is no - no children or people too - too, uh, in this place and it is silence and I - I sit there and I can think about, uh, many things.
Yes, I also think it is a - she is a strong lady, because if I was in this, I - maybe I - um, I want my children to play in another place and not this place.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, I think.
Um, no, I want my mother is very kind.
Yes, strong lady and---
Yes.
I think the children not usually is also, it's okay, not usually, because when the children play in the - in this park, not - not the - not very clean and, um, his parents - his parents als - uh, is also near - near his - I think it is also okay.  Because he - he is XXX .
