
When I was in elementary school, I usually go to the park, but yeah.
I usually, uh, to play with my classmates there to run and maybe to jump - jumping the rope.  Yeah.
Because I -- I go out now and I think it's really a little bit childish.
How often?  Maybe, twice a week since I - I - I - sometimes I will, uh, spend some time to work   in the park to - to get a sense of refreshment because I - I maybe to appear some exam, I feel a little bit stressed or so.  Because of that we are really feel - maybe feel really.  Yeah.
Do there?  Just walking and - and going there with - yeah, with the wind.  Yeah.
Favorite park?  Yes, my favorite park is near my home in Taichung.
Yeah.  So, uh, the park is - is near my home and I - I just need to cross the - cross the intersection and there's the park.  So, I, uh, sometimes when I came home, I usually to work   with my mom in the park to talk with each other for - for recreation.
So, it's really nice experience for me.
My mom?
Strong lady.
Strong lady.  I've seen he's   really, uh, just to - he's   really trust this.  Okay.  Uh, but it's really - it's really nice to be the strong lady since if you find something wrong with somebody you - you can - you can - you can be really courageous to - to - to offer some advice to people that make a wrong.  So, it is - it's not a bad idea to be the strong lady but if you - but it depends on some situation.  Yeah.
Strong lady?  My mom is not really a strong lady and, uh, now I - now I haven't had a girlfriend now.  Yeah.
Strong lady?  But if you - you must be really - if you want to be XXX   you need to - to do something that makes sense.  But if you just be the strong lady then everything occurred to you, you will be very aggressive to - to that.  So, it's not really a XXX   be a strong lady for everything.  
Yeah.
It's not clean.
Yes.  But in - in my opinion, it's really - it's really, uh - it's maybe a really nice discussion with this sandbox.  So, I think if you play - after you play in a - in a - in a - in a place, you need to clean your hands with some - with some soap.  Yes, maybe, it's - you have some disease or bacteria there.  It might be contagious.  Yeah.
