
No.
I - I don't like, um, place full of people.
I don't like places full of people.
Usually, playground is, uh, the park or the playground is   a lot of kids and I don't like kids.
Less than one time I think.
Uh, because Taipei, can I say Taipei?
Uh, because Taipei is really full of people and there are really lot of kids especially in the - in like, uh, Saturday or Sunday.  So, I don't like kids and I don't like places with people.
Favorite park?
Is Yangmingshan?  
Oh, okay.  I will introduce Yangmingshan National Park, uh, because um, I love mountain climbing.  In Yangmingshan, there's a really good place for it and adventure mountain climber.
Oh, sure, because I - I don't like people smoke as well like the picture in, uh, like the son and the mom.  I - I sort of disgust the - the - the smell.  However, I - I never really stop a person just like walk - walk up the street and talk to the guy that smokes - do not smoke.  I - I never actually do that.  So, I think, uh, she is really brave.  She stood up for her son and herself.
I - I would like her to be my mother.
Uh, because having a tough mother is one, it's one really, it's one loading things like uh, when you're weak and she always stood up for you.
Oh, sure, I would really want to.  If I can, sure I - I would.  However, I think I'm - I'm more like, um - I'm more like a gentle person.  So, I - I would - I would, uh - I would - I would secretly tell my friend that I dislike the smell.  I would never tell the person who actually smoke probably.
Oh, the sandbox is not clean.
Oh, so where should the kid play, it's still like something that is really - uh, okay the sandbox is meant to be like the resource to, uh, stay close with the nature.
So, I think the uh, I think the proposition of sandbox is not to be clean.  It's not really clean to play with.  So, maybe - maybe it's like, uh, okay, so - so my point is the sandbox is supposed to be not as clean as it should be.
Uh, I think it depends on how - how dirty the sandbox is.
If - if it's, uh, filled with garbage, then a kid should - shouldn't play - play there.  However, I think with the guidance of the mom, I think, uh, she knows what the best - what is the best for the kids.
