
Yes.
Um, no.
Uh, I don't like the - the atmosphere.  I don't like being among a - a lot of people, and when going to the park, we will - you meet a lot of children and adults who come to the park for exercise.
One - once a month.
Yeah, once a month.
I went there for jogging.
Favorite park, um, the park for of a lot of---
Uh, uh, in my mind, I would like the park with a lot of tree.
I like the park at XXX   is it full - is full of trees, banyan trees and there is a - the - the corner for the children with the - the playground.  And there is also a corner for the - for the - for the - for the old people, for yo - doing yoga or aerobic.  And they also provide the - a lot of chairs for enjoy - for relaxing and they are located near the beach.  That's why I like this park.
I think she is - she is brave, I mean she is a good mother.  She did - she did that because she want to protect her - her child.  And I mean a question to a - a guy who you don't know how he is, is such a brave thing to do because I mean - because she want to protect her boy - her boy.  So, he can do anything to - to prevent all the bad thing from her child.
Even though the - it is, uh, dangerous or not, he doesn't - he doesn't feel.
Do what?
Uh, this kind of huh.
I don't know, uh, there's - I think there's two sides.  Uh, I like that she is brave, she is trying to protect her child, but in the other hand - on the other hand, because she - she criticized, uh, the - the guy and like the way - the way she told - the way she told him to stop smoking is kind of - a - aggressive.  So, maybe if she is more polite, it's going to be better.
Yes.  Yes, she is.  She is - she is similar to my - my friend and my - and also my mother sometime.
Because, uh, for example, as my friend, she kind of - um, she is - she is kind of - if she doesn't like anything, she will talk about it.  She will not afraid of - she will not afraid that that person is going to hear her or not that she is talking bad about him or her.  She said - always said to me that because, um - because that person is doing wrong and I don't like it, so I will have to - to be good for that person, and I was like, yeah, but be calm down.
So, yeah.
Um, I think it's okay for kids to play in the sandbox.  I know - they - they might, uh, they might worry about the - the kids - the hy - the hygiene, but I think pro - protecting too much of the kids is like prevent - preventing them from being a kid, like I - how to say, uh, naturally a lot of parents, they always protect their children from, uh, playing outside due to they said that it's not clean or it's dangerous or something.  I think this - playing - playing with natural, playing the - with the sand, playing outside is what the children needs to do to help them to develop - develop themselves, develop the personality as the - at the stage of the children developing required.  Yes.
