
The man - the man stopped smoking and - and apologized to - to the child's mother.
That's it.
Uh, yes, I kind of most even like it.
I play in slider.
Slider.
Yeah.
It's less than one because of the playground is - is far - is really far from my home.
The park.
It's also the same.
Uh, rarely.
Visited rarely, but another---
My favorite - my favorite I think is Sunnam   Park, XXX   Park is - is some kind of not far from my - from my dormitory and it's really quiet, the park in my - the ideal park of me is the place that you can - you can sit still, stay with yourself and it has to be quiet.
Uh, in evening, yes.  There - um, most people standing is - they - they don't make any noise or sound that much.
Um, I will say this is a kind of like of Japan society.  This is - I look at the picture and the - the line art of this - of this cartoon.  Yes, the mother in Japan - I would say mother in Japan society is - it has to be strong because they will have to go to work, and if they have a child, they have to take care of child.  The - in - in every Japanese child that I learn or I see, they - they - it's depend on their mother.
Because - because they - most of - most of their time, they do - they - they spend time with their mother.
Uh, yes, of course.
Uh, uh, in the kind is like my mother, but I don't have - I don't spend the time that much with my mother because my mother have - have to work - have to work for a - for the family.  They both to - have to work.
So, they have - they have some time together but not - not this much.
Yes, she - she is very strong.
Okay, I have - my family, I have - I have three little brother.  I am the - I am the first - I am the first child, and the - four - about four years ago, uh, my - my father and my mother get divorced, so some kind of big family is divided at two.
And I live with my mother.  They take care of me everything, they - if they can - if can't afford me, just like - uh, money or - or - all other thing.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I think kid - kid should have to play in the sandbox.  It's sometime like a learning.  They have to touch it.  Learning is not about the lecture that do something do some homework, may - sometime they have to touch the real thing.
Even if - even if dirty, they have to because they have - they have to know what is dirty, what is not, what is safe or not.
And if, uh - if the children sometime touch with the dirty or some bacteria, they - they - they will improve in the allergy system like a protecting.
