
Yes, sometime I go there too.
Mostly, I kind enjoy - I kind enjoy the - uh, the atmosphere and all that because it is very relaxing.  There are a lot of tree and when I see a lot of trees, it's maybe realize of my home because my home, uh, there are apparently a lot of tree too.
In one month?  It's not - it's not that often.  It's like - uh, at - at least one time in one month.
Mostly, I watch - if not running or a park, I was sitting - I was sitting and chatting with my friends mostly.
One of them is, uh, I don't know the name.  Eh, I don't know if I say the name correctly, but there is a park, uh, XXX   and it's very pretty.  There's - uh, atmosphere - atmosphere is very good, and there is a lot of tree and it also have tree - uh, sea allow them to.  Uh, the winds of the sea is - is very good, because it's, you know - it mainly feels so much comfortables and scenes of the sea is very romantic for me too.
Yes, I actually like - like her action - like her action a lot, because many people, uh, assume that if you are a mother, you should be feel innocent or something like that.  But for me, the most important thing about the mother is that she needs to be strong enough to stand - to stand for her sons, just like in the pictures.  If the mother - if the mother are not strong enough just like her, there might be, uh - there might be a lot of bad influence for her - a lot of time nowadays  .
Yes, I like them a lot, and I wish I could be one of them too.
I think, yes, it's my mother mostly, because my mother - I guess I could say that she is a strong independent - strong independent woman too, because she was working in the, you know - in the high seat of her organizations, and she taught a lot for me when you are going to enter any organizations.
I think the point is it doesn't - it doesn't make sense that - I mean, the kids should have a lot of experience, they should have a lot of freedom to play with anything that you want, but the main point is how the parents should protect them or taking care of them.  It's like in the pictures, yes, the sand is dirty, very dirty, but if the - but if the mother - but the mother is taking care of him and watching carefully, so the dirty - the dirty sand will not do any harm to the childs and that is the really importance point of the pictures.
