
Well, I know the rules of the school kind of dissuade the students from getting part-time jobs, but I really need this part time job.  Uh, my finances are kind of tight right now and I think they'll actually help with my study right now.  So I think that working experience this is really important for the school and good for the vocational aim of the program that I am in especially.  So I want to get this experience at this job.  And I think it will help me a lot.  The - working the bands aren't so much, so I think my class schedule and my work schedule fits in really nicely.  So I think this a good chance for me that really syncs in really well  
Okay but with my extracurriculars, yeah, that's really separate from this, so I think that with this, this is another venue that develops a different side.  So as much as I enjoy my extracurriculars  
Okay, well.  My studies is really going really well and with - with my work that I've been handing in, it hasn't really been a problem at all at this point.  I think that's - with the working experience really adds a whole dimension.  Especially with the - the material that I have been producing recently, I feel like there's not enough experience, real-world experience when talking about the - the broader like social issues.  And like networking with other people I think is important too.  So talking to other people and using that to - to color my writing I think is important for advancing in the - the coursework.
Well maybe if I bought some of materials in from - from work, I could bring you some brochures and some websites and I think I could really impress you with the - the type of work that I am doing.
Okay I think my grades have been holding really steady even - even though I've been busy with extracurriculars and the extracurriculars I had last semester and there was all - there were a lot of projects and travelling with the whole of last year.
Well, I think that the - the potential is more than just one - one linear direction.  I think there's a whole spectrum of things that need to be developed.  So I think potentiality is not just a single - single linear thing but more of a multipoint spectrum of skills.  And yeah, most of those that I am - I am reaching now at this point I think are - are weaker on the side of the work and outside experience.  So I think that it's developing those points will really like fill out that spectrum and - and help hold up the - the main linear thrust of the academics.