
Okay.  Uh, so, yes, I hope that you can allow me to continue my part-time job because, uh, I do think that actually part-time job is not that negative in like, uh, affecting my study and also my research because, uh, I think that part-time job really can helps me gain different kinds of experience which is useful to my study.  For example, like, uh, through my part-time job because current part-time job is to tutoring the students, so, uh, when tutoring the students I am able to learn like for example, like their problems in grammar and also how they write then I can also remind myself as well to let myself not making the same mistake again.  So, as I am now studying English and I do think that this experience really help me into avoiding making the same kinds of mistakes and as my students are currently having.  And, I also think that, uh, by observing the performance of my tutees, I can able to come up with some possible research topics for example like, uh, how, uh - like for example how students, uh, their habits or their daily routines affected their learning of English like this kind of possible, uh, topics and also, uh, this experience can also stimulate my thinking as well to encourage me to think more.  And these observations can really only make by - when I am having my part-time job, yeah, so.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.  I - I think that actually the balance, uh, between my working time and also my study time is also, uh, something that I need to learn and, yeah, and I think this is exactly the opportunity for me to, uh, learn how to balance the time between these two factors.  And as you've mentioned that now it's examination week, so I think that for some, uh, like critical moments for example now we are having examinations, uh, I can also have a like take a break from my part-time job as well - as well, but for the other times for example when I am just having lessons when it's not really full of essays and deadlines and also different kinds of examination, I think I can still manage to, uh, balance my work time with my study time, yeah.
