
Um   so, and, hello, so, and, you know I am currently working for as a part-time tutor that teaching primary and secondary school students.  And, although in some - and since I take this part-time job and my - my grades and my studying was affected and this is - cannot - it is undoubtedly an obvious fact.  But - and I think it is because that I cannot have a good time management to have a good balance between my studying in - in the, uh, university and my part-time job.  And I really needs this job because I need to earn anything that I have a few sister and brothers, they are just kids and they - and I have to, um, earn anything for them, that's - so I have to work as a part-time tutor to - for my family.  And a - I have several - there are several ideas that how - how can - I can balance my part-time job and also, uh, my studying in - in the university that and I will, uh, try to have, eh, to set a good timetable and also, uh, to - um, to keep some checklist that to, uh - to get XXX   everyday that through, uh, to check whether the - the - the - the things that I have set for myself and will be done on schedule.  So, I will keep track on this and hopefully everything in progress and it will be fine in - in the end.
And - and al - although it is, uh, my grade was, uh, going down since I get the part-time job but and the things that I learned that the courses I took, uh, is different from the past that the - the difficulty that the - that the cost of material become, uh, more - more harder and so I think it is not - it is not make any difference XXX   my job and my studying maybe is because, um, my studying that I cannot adapt the new - the new - the new - new courses so.  I just want to say that that the part-time job may be not, uh, directly related with my grades.  It's maybe because that the things I learn costly, I think it becomes harder and I - and, yeah.
I think the most - the mosts important thing, I admit is to change the study method that among all these years to have - to start - start adapting a new - new, uh, studying format or method that maybe more effective and help me to get good grade in - in the examination.
