
Okay.  Uh, I think there are several reasons why doing the part-time job does not actually affect my study and research.  First and foremost being a, uh - working as a - a ta - part-time job cannot only earn money but also, uh, help me to experience more, uh, except from learning in talks, learning in the college.  And it actually does a lot in the future because you can find that being - doing a part-time job, uh, can apply what you learn, uh, sometimes because, uh, for example if you work as a tutor you can apply what you learn.  Uh, of course, you need to some, uh - you may have to be major in language, major in education so that you can apply what you learn in, uh, doing a part-time job as a tutor.  So that's the first reason why I think doing a part-time job does not, uh, affect my study and research.  And second reason is the time scheduling.  If you schedule a timeframe effectively you - uh, you can effectively separate, uh, the study task - study time and your working time by, uh, communicating with your team, uh - your boss and to scheduling better, to structuring the schedule.  For example, you work - because doing a part-time job does not require you to work for long time a day, so maybe two or three hours.  So, you can manage this better if you can balance both workloads.  So, that's the second reason.  And the third reason is, uh - what I am going to say is, uh, doing a part - part-time job as I always mentioned is, uh, a way to earn money.  And actually I don't think it is, uh, a restriction of immediately stop working because I have the right to do so.  And I - I should not be restricted with, uh, stopping working immediately, so it is about problem of freedom, uh, doing something is not something that is very restrictive, so.
Uh, I think the - okay, the main point is that if I perform unwell in my studying and in - as you can see in my test result or examination result or assignment project, uh, seeing that I am performing well, I - I can choose to start working immediately.
