
Um, when there are - I still want to continue my part-time job because, uh, it can afford for me to continue my studies.  Um, also, um, participate in a part-time job can help me to learn a lot of practical experience, how to - it is a part-time - it is a part of our college life, it is useful for future so.  And then also, um, I think that working part - uh, participate in a job doesn't mean it will negatively influence the study and research because you use the time wiely - wisely and have a - uh, plan time wisely, you can, uh, manage how to - manage how to studying well and, uh, but in the same time, um, participate in the part-time job.
Uh, um, every have 24 hours, uh, it is, uh, choice XXX  , uh, squeeze the time and use the time wisely, um, I think you can still, uh, have a part-time job and still study well.
Yeah, I think make a time table is a, uh, crucial factors because, you know, time table - follow the tie - uh, follow the time table to manage time well.  Maybe, for mo - morning you can, uh, go to school and maybe in nights you go to the part-time job and then you - uh, set up a time for revising, so I think this good enough to, uh, do well in college.
Uh, having fun is, uh, I think for college students crucial.  But if you want to study well or you want to part - want to have part-time job you need to pay the cost.  So, I think if you want to study well and want to work for a part-time, so you need to, uh, elimate - eliminate your time to for have fun, uh, to rest.
Yes, definitely.
This semester I am - I have five classes.
Yeah but I still, uh, one, uh, one day off per week - one day - day off per week so, it's not, uh, uh, you know studying is not a stressful work, I think, because compared to work in the society, so I think studying is quite fun so I think it's not stressful.
Um, our plan is to work, um, in my day off and in my - uh, on Saturday.  I think, uh, so after day off - after day off, I spare time to work and, um, on Saturday - working on Saturday I can afford day to revise my study in Sunday, so I think this may work.
