
 I want to continue my part-time job, because uh --- uh because it is --- I think it is better to hang out   my friends uh --- with my friends. And --- and it costs uh some money and I have to earn the money myself --- by myself.
 So --- and may --- maybe, the money I earned at the part-time job can be used in a study and research. Uh. So --- umm --- umm --- yeah, yeah, I think --- hmm --- I think uh the time we --- uh --- it can be refreshed.
 It's very uh important to make our study, our research much better.
 So, umm, umm---
 Uh. But to be --- umm to be more a good scholar or businessperson, uh, I should earn a lot of things and I should get a lot of experience by doing part-time job.
 Uh. But I think uh at college, uh, the people around you --- around me is   very high level person and very educated persons.
 So, when I go to part-time job, I can contact with uh not the --- the few in college.
 So, so I can get more knowledge and I can get more  
 Uh. Usually, I can get knowledge at the college and it is very uh specific field, from the high level person and high level people.
 So, like, you know, when I'm doing part-time job, uh, there I can learn uh completely different field of knowledge, like about the uh usual --- uh umm about the uh local society and about the business, uh, not in the high level.  
 Umm. Uh. Yes, I think it is uh --- I think it's better to uh develop my uh characteristic identity by working   a lot of places and a lot of uh --- gaining a lot of experiences. And I think it is good for a businessperson also about uh umm, umm, umm, by working and experience uh not the business, the prestige --- prestigious company do.
 So, uh, when I enter the prestigious company and contact to the local, not prestigious maybe company. And --- but if I'm working part-time job and working with those who are working at the not prestigious company, then I can know how to contact and how --- and what is the best way to uh persuade them. So, when I go to the prestigious company, it can used in it, yeah, I think.  
