
So, maybe I just explain to you like the reason why I have to continue my part-time job.
Oh, okay.
I'm not really good at doing something like this kind of situation, but okay---
So know - as you already know my parents is not really rich---
---and I don't really have a lot of money and my parents can always support me in spending a lot of the expenses that I'm going to use like for food or even for my living, I'm actually living in a small places and still I have to survive that long for 4 years and this is why I need the part-time job to close my parent's expenses, so they---
I understand, but at this point I don't have a lot of money and if I don't keep working, then my parents won't give me a lot - some money to eat or to - even to live, so that's why I have to find my own money.  Also this is for my job experience, this is for my future.  And this is not because of my study, because I have, you know, made very decent and it's not that high and it's not, you know, in the - bring or not passing the class.  I still do pass the class.
But if I borrow some money from my bank, then it's calling as a debt.  And if - if I can---
Yeah, but if I don't---
But if I don't have a debt and if I have a debt and I don't have the money, at that time, that I can't pay them and they will close everything that I have, I will have to go back to my own country, I have to go back to my own homeland and I don't have a lot of money, I probably become homeless because of that.  And I probably don't have the - the amount of work experience and the study experience to have a better job because of that because a lot of people might think, oh, you don't have a lot of experience---
---so this is also consider as, um, my future because I also need this work experience, I need this education experience, I need everything, so that's why I have to work hard because---
I believe something like that because I still can manage my time.
Because I work only for 4 hours per day---
Four hours, I - I only started at 5, so I finished at 9, then I study for like 3 hours before 12 o'clock.
Of course, we all feel tired, but this is for the hard work, this is for my future and this is for my family of course because I don't want to be a disgrace to my family, I don't want to make my family, my societ - and my friends and all of my societies think that I am a disgrace.  I am something, someone who is very useless, who don't know anything, who can't do anything, I don't want to be like that kind of person because I want to be changed, I want to be a hardworking person, I want to study and also I want to gain some money and I want to gain some work experience.  It's very important to my life.  It's very important to my family.  It's very important to everything that I'm XXX .
I really need to keep this part-time job for a short amount of moment until I have the amount of time or amount of money to seek for the whole year.
I can if you - we are talking about this hour, then I can reduce my hours.  From 4 hours to probably like 2.5 hours that's it.
Mm-hmm.  Okay.
