
Um, I think I have to continue the part-time job because---
Because, um, first of all, I want to use money freely.  And I don't want to burden my parents with gaining more - gaining a lot of their money monthly - every month.  And also I need to learn to - I need to be socialized.  I cannot all - as you know I cannot always been time with my - with my college classmates, um, because they are all kind.  And I know that in society - the society there would not be a lot of good people like my classmates.  So, I need to know how to get along with this kind of people or the people that doesn't - that doesn't really kind to me.
But I think - um, but I believe that, uh, having a part-time job will benefit my studies as well.  Because in my researches, especially in my senior projects, um, some of my life experience will give a lot of things too.  Um, I can learn a lot from my life experiences especially in my part time - when in my part-time jobs.  And that gives me, um, how to say, more learning motivations about, uh, why I need to learn.  That makes me know how who I am and why I need to learn.  And I can use it at some factor.  I can use it in my assignment as well.  And as for I look tired in your class because I definitely look tired because I - uh, I study - I - I go - I go to school in daytime.  I - and I go to work after school.  Of course, I will look tired but I would do the recordings of - of the class.  So I can review it if I missed something in the class.
Of course, I will have a schedule for my studying.  Have it well scheduled for my studying and my part-time jobs and for reviewing my school works.  So, I think that's what I will have enough time to review it.  And that's - and I will not forget who I am.  I'm a student.  I know the school work matters for me and I need the degree.  So, yeah, I'll have everything well scheduled.  That's what I need to learn in this phase of my life.
So. 
So - so - so professor?
So - so did you study wholeheartedly when you are students?  And so you - so, where do you get your life experience from then? 
But I - I can say that my part-time job only influence a little bit of my study - of my school works.
Yeah, sure I can.
Sure, I can talk about that with my part-time job boss, but - but I am also thinking that if this is really necessary to reduce my part-time job working time, because, um, I think the current - I think everything is fine currently.  And I don't think it needs to be changed.  And if unless I failed any subjects or any class - any courses, um, but - so I will continue to maintain this situation.
XXX 
