
Okay, I - I understand it, like recently my grade is really low.  Uh, I will try my best in order to get a higher grade, but for now I really - I really necessary to use the money from this part time job because my mom is sick, and actually like my family doesn't really have much money for those.  So I try to save money as much as I can in order to save my mom, and I understand that like learning is also important for me, but I feel like I - now as I really need to do something instead.
Right, I understand.
I understand what you saying but my - my - my mother case real kind of urgent.  If I have to wait for scholarships, that gonna take quite long.  But that's a really good idea from you.  I really appreciate from you, from your idea.  So, I'm just gonna try to work hard in order to gain a better grade and also I really have to learn.  
No, in this case, in working hard I mean like study harder.
Okay.
Yeah, study harder.
Like how I'm gonna deal with that?  Like, I'm gonna go work normally, but I will try to do everything more efficiently.  I'm gonna read more efficiently, so basically like I also have free time, I love to go hanging around with my friends, so I want to take this time as much as I can in order to maintain the relationship with friends.  And I'm just going to try to study more efficiently as much as I can.
Efficiently, it's just gonna be, like, uh, I'm trying, when I read I'm just gonna concentrate on reading, or when I'm learning or doing something which is gonna try to concentrate as much as I can, and also especially when I'm learning in class, I will try to be more concentrate with that.
Yes, not enough.
I am just want - I'm just saying like probably I should focus more in order to like less like use less time in order to study more.
So.
Uh, as long as my mother still get sick and I don't have money for pay for that, so I still have to work.  I'm sorry teacher, but I - I - I do really need to do that, because--- .
If I cannot fi - finish the school, at least I can - I have to keep my mother alive because she's - she's everything for me.  She's everything for me.  
I can come back for study later but anyway I have to keep her alive for now.
Thank you.
Anyway, thank you so much for your time.
Thank you.
