
Okay.  Um, I feel, um, once I went to a restaurant with my friend, and there are some - we - I often go there, but basically it was very, um, cloudy there because it's so popular and so many people would - would go there.  Um, once when I go there with my friend, the - the wai - the waiter - the owner of that restaurant can recognize me.  I feel so happy about that.  Yeah, we real - we - we didn't really talked about many things that kind of thing, but they can remember me.  Yeah.  I feel that was a very good experience.
Um, I feel like Japanese restaurant is the best.
Because, um, in Chinese restaurants, um, even though the food is delicious, their service is quite bad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  They - they don't smile to you, but - but if you go to Japanese restaurant, people will be so, um, kind.  They will definitely be smile to you to serve you.  Yeah, pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah, I feel basic - most of the Chinese restaurants, there they - um, they - they change their taste.  Yeah.  Not really Chinese food, I guess.  Um, like Japanese people also likes - also like Chinese food, so they will change the taste to make - to make Chinese food more popular between Japanese here.
Uh, um, the quality.
Oh, yeah.  Um, I feel it's more - it's more like the taste that Japanese people will like.  Yeah.
Yeah, I guess because I grew up in China for so many years.
Um, it's a hard question.
Uh---
It is my feeling.  I feel Japanese food are more gentle.
Yeah, yeah.  Chinese - real - real Chinese food are more---
Yeah.  Yeah.
Yeah, and food will not that - food will not be bad.  Um, I guess it's quite rude in Chinese food, yeah, that kind of feeling.  Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I strongly agree with the opinion that we should a ban - we should ban all the smoking restaurants.  Yeah.
Um, firstly, it's bad for their smokers' health.  Yeah.  Secondly, people around them are - uh, it's really harm people who are around.
Yeah.  Um, and some people there - um, some people are really allergic to that smoke.  Like me, if I - if some people around me smokes and my - it's just my skin will become red.  Yeah, yeah, so hard for me.
Yeah, smokers, they have rights to smokes but also for other people, I also have rights to be healthy.  Okay.  There is - you - you shouldn't hurt my health.  Yeah.  You can smoke outside.  I - I think sometimes people are just - we should help each other to make life become better, you know.
If that are really - um, I doubt that whether it really work because---.
You're - you're - it's not really sealed.  Yeah.  Yeah.
But I guess it's better than, um, the restaurant, which has no smoking zone and nonsmoking zone.  Yeah.