
Uh, yes.  I - I want to - I want to introduce, uh, an interesting experience in a restaurant - a hot pot restaurant.  Uh, when I was in university, I - I went - I went to the hot pot restaurant for about - in winter, for about twice a week. And my - my friend and I are - uh, like we - we both like eating meat, so we ordered a lot of meat, pork, lime or beef, and etcetera, and some mushrooms, but waiter - uh, when - when we wanted to order more, waiter said that, please stop, this is - these are enough for you two.  But - but we really want to order more meat, uh, but we - we both felt a little shy about this, and - and then the waiter said that, please order some vegetables please, you didn't order any vegetables.  So, my friend and I ask him that didn't - uh, uh, weren't mushrooms vegetables, mushrooms are also vegetables.  But the waiter said that, no, no, no, these are not - these are not vegetables, your order are not very healthy.  And we have - uh, we have - had to order a - a small plate - a small plate of cabbages just putting there, but we didn't eat them in the end. 
Um, firstly, I love the small restaurants in the small streets, uh, between buildings in Japanese - uh, in Japan, because the owner of the restaurants is - will be very nice.  Maybe, um, uh, an old man or an old woman opened this restaurant, and maybe you can find, uh, about 50 or 60 years ago, the atmosphere in this restaurant.  And the food, eh, of the restaurant maybe noodles I think in Japan, yes, and this is very special I think different from other countries.
Um, for myself, I think this is, uh, good opinion because I - I - I am little hate smoking in public areas or in your private house or a private room or the special smoking areas, I think this is no problem.  But in a public area, maybe, uh, some older people, they have some, uh, bo - body disaster, and they - especially for their lungs or some - uh, especially for the lungs and throat.  So, they cannot bear these - uh, the smoke in the air and smoking in public may cause others maybe very serious diseases I think.
Uh, because in some restaurants, there are some - uh, some personal rooms you can - you can recommend - you can, uh, uh, recommend the - um, a single room - you can eat in this single room, and in this area, you and - or your friend, they - they are not - uh, they have no problem with your smoking.  I think this is, uh, more suitable for this circumstance.