
Yes.
Uh, like, uh, eating experience in a restaurant - at a restaurant?
Uh, uh, okay, I try to - try to remember.
You know, there is actually a - uh, a fine story, uh, have - have a few weeks ago, because it's quite, uh, funny so I just like to say that.  And I do post this - these things on my, uh, friend circle.  Wechat.
Yeah, yeah, WeChat.  Um, our family have a meal in a quite famous hot pot restaurant in China and the name is XXX  .  Uh, why is famous in China is because it's, uh, you know, they - they - they - they - they - they supply a great, uh, eating experience and very, very - I would like to say is extraordinary great, uh, you know, uh, service for people.  I have to, you know, uh, think about the word, uh, sorry.  And continue the story, I am just having a great conversation with my dad, uh, and my mom, uh, leave the table.  Uh, the XXX   we have a great conversation, uh, between me and my dad.  They just suddenly serve us a little - little dishes and with a write like, uh, hoping you have a great relationship between you and your dad.  Uh, I don't know whether you check - you can just, uh, check my, uh, friend circle because it is quite funny and quite awkward.  When my mom come back, she just said, what is this, because this - because really - it's really awkward and really funny.  Uh, the - the dish is, uh, absolutely nothing but a little bit, you know, uh, uh, watermelons - uh, a piece of watermelons or some cucumbers, something like that.  Um, it's not worth of money, but, uh, I - I do enjoying the - uh, and I also thank for - thanks for the waitress who serve us this dishes, but actually, uh, I - I have never, mm, have this kind of experience in other restaurants.  So, that's basically the whole story.
Uh, I would like to see  , uh, lately I prefer to choose Japanese dishes, yes, because it's quite - mm, uh, I work a lot - I work out a lot so I prefer to choose some dishes, uh, mm, less of oil or less of - uh, have more vegetables.
Um, as a nonsmoker, I prefer to see smoking is actually bad actions, but I would like - I - I try to be a good person who are - who can accept a lot of things, and that's a role I set for my life.  So I - I - I - I - I can't just say that, but I - I want to approve the smokers, but, uh, there is a rule I would like to, uh, make it clear that, uh, is - is - it's great for, mm, government or restaurant owners to set a, uh, area for those smokers.