
Um, I think when I came to Japan I have the barbecue, I - I had the barbecue in - in - in a restaurant near to the, uh, train station, yeah. I think in there - there is also a no cigarette - no cigarette restaurant so I am very enjoying - enjoy my dinner - I can enjoy my dinner in there and the barbecue in - actually the barbecue in Japan is very - very special---
---XXX  at least it's special to my country and - and because I can taste the or - original ta - original taste of the meal - of the meal and I think it's very special and deli - delicious.  And I can have - have various - various meal and various drinks in there and that makes me very - I feel very good.
Uh, frankly speaking, other than - Japanese restaurant is very good but because I'm from China I prefer to the Chinese restaurant because the taste of the Chinese food is - is more maybe, uh - maybe I more like the Chinese food is important reason. 
Yes.  I think that - that's a - that's a difference between the China food and the Chinese food.  In - uh, that's very different.  In Chia - in Japan there are many Chinese food - Chinese restaurant but not China -China food restaurant.  In Chinese - in Chinese food restaurant and they have many - many Chinese food but actually we didn't - we - we didn't eat - I mean we didn't eat in China before, yeah, and maybe it's created by Japanese - Japanese, and yeah.  Uh, and it's more maybe - maybe Japanese view, um, more like - more like that.  But to - to Chinese we prefer the China food restaurant because the China food is - is very oringinal  and it's the same to the food from China.  And I prov - I more prefer that taste so that's the reason.
Uh.
Completely ban, um, is not necessary but I think at least you - um, you need to, uh, make the zone area and smoking or - smoking area and non-smoking area at least you need to divide the - divide two areas and you have the right to smoke and I ha - I also have the right to, um, to prevent from the smoking, so if you do - if you - and - and divide to - XXX  to - two areas and you can, um, ensure their rights, ensure ri - rights, uh, so I think, uh, it's not necessary to, uh, ban the - banned, uh, comp - completely but at least you need to divide the - uh, two areas.