
Um, actually I often had - have meals with my family.  Um, and I think the most unforgettable experience that I had was like the - unforgettable meal I had with my family is the Christmas meal because, um, actually it's some - it's like a tradition of our family that we will normally have a meal, uh, sometime before Christmas.  And I remember that, uh, like there is one - there was one year that we have a buffets dinner and some - in a hotel in XXX   and the reason why I remember that clear is that, um, because I was a bit greedy when - actually I was pretty young at that time and I was so greedy because that's - that should be the first time I - I had a buffet meal, so I am just - I was just too greedy and grabbed a lot of food which, uh, my stomach actually can't bear with it, so I vomited at last, that's why I remember until now because, yeah, because of my greediness, yeah.
Um, I prefer the local one the best.
Because, yeah, of course, Hong Kong, in Hong Kong you can really try different kinds of cuisine, and however I do think that only the local one you can really taste the best Hong Kong food in Hong Kong, here.  Especially is that, uh, like the restaurant owner of Hong Kong style food, they'll have the mind to like pass this - the whole, uh, for example, like how they make the food or the technique of the food, like to pass to next generation, they have like really clear mind of it.  For example, uh, there is actually a restaurant of wonton noodles and actually the really original restaurant of this is in XXX   which, uh - where my mom lived there when she was young and now even like - like a few decades passed, the restaurants are still here, although the original restaurant owner was not in like he was no longer the person in charge, however he passed the technique of making great wonton noodles to his son and therefore now the restaurant is now owned like in charged by his son.  So I think, uh, the best like really in Hong Kong, uh, I enjoy Hong Kong, the local food, the best not because of the quality and the taste of the food but also like, uh, how they would like to really pass the whole thing to the next generation and that people afterwards can taste the same thing, yeah.
Yeah, I do agree.
Yeah, because--- 
Uh, I think that really it's - first of all, it's about the hygienic issue because if the - like smoking is not banned in the whole restaurant, uh, first of all the smoke really contaminates food and second actually you don't know whether the kitchen like the chef inside the kitchen, uh, smoking or not.  So, in this case, you really don't know if your food will be contaminated by - not only by the smoke itself but also the ashes dropped from the smoke - like the cigarette.  So I think that in this case, like people just don't feel comfortable and they won't feel secure when they are dining.  And the second issue is that, uh, I think it's about the whole dining experience because I do think that diners prefer to have - to enjoy the favorable smell of the food instead of the smell of smoke because I think that somehow like XXX   if you are eating the food, tasting the food along with the smoke - smell of smoke, yeah, I saw I think from, uh, the dining experience and also the hygienic factor I do think that restaurant should ban smoking, yeah.
