
Hmm.
Um, well, it's very difficult question.  Uh, I think have, uh - sorry could you rephrase the question because---
Okay, okay.
Um, let me think a little bit, I mean, uh, one of the experiences I have I remember is with my families members in the restaurant called Everyday Veggie, uh, located in Jordon - Jordon.  Uh, uh, in that experience I enjoy having ve - because, uh, the premise is that I enjoy vegetables very much so I wanna have - I wanna my meals to have more vegetables every time.  So, I go to that restaurant with my families and oh I found a lot of tasty and delicious things and soups, the vegetables, uh, of many, many types.  I try all of them and then I found that, oh, scrumptious, terrifying, and I eat but the main - one of the problem is that in that restaurant is the setting of the time, which only allows for one and a half hours.  So, I couldn't eat a lot and I found my stomach full and - but I still find experience, uh - that experience very happily with my families because I like vegetable very much.
Um, uh, it's hard to tell - uh, to me it's hard to tell which restaurant, which kind of restaurants is bet to - best to me because, uh, if I eat something that is tasty, that is mouthwatering, I will think that kind of restaurant is pretty good.  And there are so many occasions that I have - I think many types of restaurant good, well.  Uh, if I - uh, it's have a meal there after working for long time, uh, being XXX   and exhaustive - exhausted and actually now to me every kind of restaurant if they, uh, can XXX   my stomach can taste good, uh, as I think and all kind of - all kinds of restaurants are the bests.
Um, uh, actually smoking that problems, uh, actually cause more - lot of problems to people in society.  But I don't think that it is really necessarily related to completely prohibit smoking because smoking is kind of a, uh, may - might be linked to a problem of a right to choose because if you don't like smoking, you don't need to smoke, and if you hate smoking, you can keep yourself away the smokers and to avoid being exposed to some XXX   like, uh, poor air created by smokers.  So, if you say - ask me really to agree or disagree, uh, I think it is open to discussion, not to - it's hard to tell you completely agree or disagrees, uh, the prohibit - complete prohibition of smoking
Hmm.
