
I think the best experience is when my friend and I had a dinner in a restaurant, uh, founded by Gordon Ramsay in Lan Kwai Fong.  So the most facemous   dishes is Beef Wellington, and it is Gordon Ramsay's what, uh, hmm - and but the taste of this Beef Wellington is - was very good but we waited for 45 minutes to get it prepared.  So I think if they can improve the time that the customer have to what - wait, I think they can attract more people to come to their restaurant, yeah.
Yes, because they - their service, uh, was really good because, uh, not only if you, uh, went to restaurant so we have to raise our hands, uh, to notice the waitress or waiter to come to us.  But we don't even - we didn't even to have raise our hand, they - they came to us and asked, eh, is everything good, uh, how was the taste of the, uh, dishes, but is they came by I think, uh, every 30 minutes to check up on you so I think this is a very good thing of it, so.
I like the Japanese style the best because, uh, I am, uh, highly affected by the Japanese animation so I think everything in Japanese restaurant is good because I believe their service is the best because, uh, that is what I expected I think.
The food is - I think is, uh, very - they keep up their standard so every Japanese restaurant, uh, for - for example the ramen in every restaurant taste like the same, so I think this is a good thing of it and can be a bad thing because they didn't improve it, so yes.
I don't think so because if so for bar they can still, uh, allow people to smoke so why not the other restaurant.  So, I think, uh, the Cafe Deco used, uh - long time ago before they allowed people to smoke in their restaurant, I think 15 years ago, so this is a good place for people to sit down in few and smoke so I - they made a nons - non-smoking area and smoking area so people who smoke can enter the smoking area, they separate them, so the other people would not feel uncomfortable with it.  So, I think it is not necessary to ban all the - yes, necessary to.
