
Okay.
Yup.
About - concerning about the good experiences.
Hmm, of mine.  Um, I, um - I think it's in the Chinese restaurant in, um, because when, uh, every members of my family sitting on, uh, one table that we can communicate easily, and we can exchange our opinions and during the little time of dinner because I seldom see my family members so that it can enhance the sense of belong - belonging of my.  And I - we love the dishes in Chinese restaurant because maybe I am Chinese and I used to order something spicy then my mum, they are forbidden me to do that because it is not satisfy with all the flavor of my family members.  So, I really have a great time in the Chine - in the Chinese restaurant in Hong Kong with my family, so it is a good memory and good experience of myself.
Hmm.
Um, as Hong Kong is a food paradise, I really love Korean food, not Chinese food because there are Chinese restaurants - although Chinese restaurant have give my sense of belonging to my family, I really love the taste of the Korean food because I love spicy and I love the - I love the taste Korean food - the taste of Korean food can stimulate my - my taste or my - my - or it is like - I guess it has a lot variety of Korean food so that I can choose wa - wa - make wa - I love or what I can eat in, uh, Ko - Korean restaurant.
I am totally agree with that because I hate the smell of smoking or I hate anyone that surrounded me, uh, smoking because my - it is unfortunately very - unfortunately that my nose is very sensitive and very, uh, sensitive to - to the smell of smoking so when someone that's are smoking just a warning - uh, warn me or just stand near me, I may - and I very sensitive to the smell so that I am get handicap in this, so that I have totally agree that - I completely agree that Hong Kong or even some other country or places should forbidden smoking and also smoking is affect - really affect our health, even though you are the smoker or you are the one that's next to him, yeah.
Hmm.
