
Uh, uh, I have a restaurant it's when my sister, me, my mom - father birthday we must go in there, it's, uh, in Mong Kok in Kow - eh, Gunfong, this is a - this is a restaurant to eat the, uh, beef, it's really good, eh, it's delicious and - and this is a old - old restaurant have - eh, have in Hong Kong.  My - because my father really like to eat the beef so we - when we have birthday we always go there.  And we - because at that - because - the other reason is we really friend to the staff in there so, eh - so I think it's, uh, really - really special experience I have.
Uh-hmm.
Uh, Japanese.
Because I like sushi and it's really, uh, uh, it's really delicious and I think is, um, for girls not really fat, I don't know, eh, but I am really fat right now but I think it's, uh, it's easy to eat and, eh, if I need you go to other place I need - I just need to, eh, carry out it.  I can, eh - I can eat, eh, XXX   such as I go to school, I can catch a sushi and I can eating and I running to school isn't easy thing.  If it's Chinese food something like noodles I cannot eating - when I am going to school.
Uh, actually - actually I - I - no 100% agree.  Actually, I am not smoking but I think people have their freedom to choice the - the - do they want to smoke, uh, um, uh so I - I just - I just think if, eh - if smoking is affect to other people they can move - they can, uh, move in other way, maybe the boss of - in restaurant, they can have area for smoking people, eh, there and if you don't smoke, eh, just see in other way, uh, it may - it could not affect other one - eh, other one and because do not sm - if - if 100% percent agree if they cannot smoke in the restaurant I think it's not really good for - for - for smoking pers - uh, people, they - they think - they think they - because I think, uh, people smoke because they feel stress and if - if - if I take off they cannot smoke, I - I think it cannot make them realize, if you're eating dinner you just want to get the relax where you - you want to have, just if - if you take off I think he - I think they will - they not relax, I think it's not really good to them.
