
Yeah.  When I go on vacation to abroad - overseas, when I arrive -arrive - landing - landing in the airport, then I pick some taxi to going for the hotel.  Unfortunately the hotel is in - is not ready for us to check in.  So we have to wait in some restaurant.  It's not a restaurant, it's just like a - it's just like a XXX   in here.  It's just like a  . 
Yes like a food stalls.  But it's permanent, semi-permanent building.
I did not recommend - recommend the hygiene for it.  And I actually pick - pick one - pick - pick that restaurant for the price and it is uh, quite close from the hotel.  But the owner of the restaurant is serving me very well.  She's - she is - she is polite, kind and very considered, very considerable with the price.  And actually the food is quite good.  It even can - it even can---
The quality is like the - like - like  . 
Like any fancy restaurant, it's even like a Michelin restaurant.  Michelin Star.   And then I ate and I ordered more.  Then eventually I do - I did my dinner there.  Then after I come back to the hotel and browsing through my Wi-Fi, browsing through hotel Wi-Fi to the Internet, I searched for it and at some point and it is actually the - the -the  -the store.  The restaurant store is actually a Michelin Star, Michelin Star restaurant.
Yeah. 
I like best Japanese restaurant because I think, I like - I quite like the rice.  They have freshly - freshly baked rice.  It is like the rice itself is delicious. 
Different than any other restaurant and maybe - maybe I will go to American, American style for steak - steak - steak dishes because I feel when I go to the original or standard restaurant for steak, they will - they will cook it well done.  And I do not like the steak well done.  It's - it's like - it's like abomination to the - to the meat.  And I like my steak medium baked. 
A restaurant is a place where you can enjoy the food with your friends or family or maybe even love.  And the smoke free area should be provided in every in every restaurant. 
It is a - it is a standardized restaurant but if - if it just like a - a food stall, and then maybe it should be smoking and smoking area only.  A common - common room where you can smoke or you - you don't want to smoke.  And you can - you can eat there, so a common room.
