
A good experience - oh, is - actually, it was a long time before.  Okay, last experience that I go to an restaurant, I don't think it's a restaurant, it's a cafe, uh, in - there is one near to my place.  And I was going with my friend because this is a - it is, uh, the cafe said that they are going to open this the last day - this was their last day.  And it's kind of sad because this is one of our favorite restaurant there, and eventual they kind of said that this restaurant is going to be closed, but we are still having - we - we still can having good time with my friend because the sweet that I order is very good.  And I get to talk to a lot of topic with my friend, because me and my friends, we doesn't have - uh, we doesn't, you know, communicate a lot in nowadays  , we have a lot of work to do.  But finally, we get to meet and eat in the place that is - uh, is our favorite.  So, it is a good time for me.
I could say it is a Korean restaurant.  This Korean restaurant I always go to them and buys - I go there every week.  It's like one or two times, uh, in a week.  Uh, because I actually like spicy foods a lot, but when you have, uh, spicy food, uh, it's like Korean spicy food in Bangsaen, there might be a lot of place that sell the spicy food but they - uh, not just make it spicy, they are making it too sweet too and it's not balanced and not delicious anymore.  But there is one place in Bangsaen that they are selling the Korean food and they also balance the spiciness and sweetness pretty well.  And I - that - and from that place, I could learn this, uh, the real Korean food is very good, and I kind of enjoy that.
It's the Korean Kitchen.
Yes.
Personally, I kind of agree with it, but in the other side, I actually - I have to disagree with it, because it's - actually, it - the main product, the restaurant should do that, they should, you know, manage the zone of the - there should be zone for smoking people and a zone for non-smoking people, because if you are talking about smoking cigarette people, I think it is what their right to smoke.  You could - uh, I know that there is a lot of people doesn't like smoking, but, uh, many of them do like to if we didn't talk about the healthiest thing or something like that.  It's their right.  And - it is - and with this right, they can do anything that they want and we should not harm them or ban them from that.  Because it's like if you doesn't - uh, for example, if you doesn't like to drink Coke - cola or Coke so that mean that you have to ban people that doesn't - that drink - uh, that drink Coke.  I don't think it's not right, because people have their own right to do anything they want unless it illegal or something like that.
